0001104659-20-002962.txt : 20200110
0001104659-20-002962.hdr.sgml : 20200110
20200110143103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-20-002962
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TARGET CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000027419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				410215170
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06049
		FILM NUMBER:		20520635

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123046073

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DAYTON HUDSON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DAYTON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690728


8-K
1
tm201601-1_8k.htm
FORM 8-K

















0000027419
false
--02-01







0000027419


2020-01-05
2020-01-06



iso4217:USD


xbrli:shares




iso4217:USD


xbrli:shares







 
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C.
20549

 
 
 
FORM 8-K
 
CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 
Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported) January 6, 2020
 
Target Corporation
(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)
 
 


Minnesota
 
1-6049
 
41-0215170

(State or other jurisdiction of
 incorporation)
 
(Commission File Number)
 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

 
 
 
 
 

1000 Nicollet Mall, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

 

(612) 304-6073

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

 
Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
¨  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
¨  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
¨  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
¨  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
 



Title of each class
 
Trading Symbol(s)
 
Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0833 per share
 
TGT
 
New York Stock Exchange

 
Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).
 
Emerging growth company  ¨
 
If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

 
 
 


 

  


Item 5.02.
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment
    of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

 
On January 6, 2020, Roxanne S. Austin informed the Board of
Directors (the “Board”) of Target Corporation (“Target”) of her decision not to stand for re-election at
the end of her current term expiring at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders in June. Ms. Austin will continue to serve as a
member of the Board and on the Human Resources & Compensation Committee and Risk & Compliance Committee until her current
term on the Board expires.
 


Item 5.03.
Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

 
On January 8, 2020, Target’s Board amended and restated
Target’s Bylaws (the “Restated Bylaws”) to adopt a 10% ownership threshold for all special meetings called by
shareholders.
 
The foregoing summary in this Item 5.03 is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit (3)B hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.
 


Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

  
(d)       Exhibits.
 


 
(3)B
Bylaws (as amended through January 8, 2020).

 
 
 

 
 104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

 
 

 
 
 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


 
TARGET CORPORATION

 
 

Date: January 10, 2020
/s/ Don H. Liu

 
Don H. Liu

 
Executive Vice President and Chief Legal & Risk Officer

  


 







EX-3
2
tm201601d1_ex-3b.htm
EXHIBIT 3(B)


 
Exhibit (3)B

BYLAWS
 
OF
 
TARGET
CORPORATION
 
(As
Amended Through January 8, 2020)
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS
 
Section
1.01. Place of Meetings and Annual Meeting
 
Meetings
of the shareholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation or at such other place or places as the
Board may from time to time designate. The regular annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held on such day each year as shall
be designated by the Board, and at such time as the Board may from time to time designate, for the election of Directors and for
the transaction of such other business as may lawfully come before such meeting.
 
Section
1.02. Shareholders’ Special Meetings
 
Special
meetings of the shareholders may be called for any purpose or purposes, at any time, by the Chief Executive Officer; by the Chief
Financial Officer; by the Board or any two or more members thereof; or by one or more shareholders holding not less than 10% of
the voting power of all shares of the corporation entitled to vote, who shall demand such special meeting by written notice given
to the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer specifying the purpose or purposes of such meeting.
 
Section
1.03. Meetings Held Upon Shareholder Demand
 
Within
30 days of receipt of a demand by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer from any shareholder or shareholders
entitled to call a meeting of the shareholders, it shall be the duty of the Board to cause a special or regular meeting of shareholders,
as the case may be, to be duly called and held on notice no later than 90 days after receipt of such shareholder’s or shareholders’
demand. If the Board fails to cause such a meeting to be called and held as required by this Section, the shareholder or shareholders
making the demand may call the meeting by giving notice as provided in Section 1.04 at the expense of the corporation.
 
Section
1.04. Notices of Meetings
 
Except
as otherwise specified in Section 1.03 or required by law, written notice of the time and place of every meeting of shareholders,
and in the case of a special meeting the purpose or purposes of the meeting, shall be given at least 10 days and not more than
60 days previous thereto, to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. Notice may be given to a shareholder 
 



 

 
 by means of electronic communication if the requirements of Minnesota Statutes Section 302A.436, Subdivision 5, as amended from
time to time, are met. Notice to a shareholder is also effectively given if the notice is
addressed to the shareholder or a group of shareholders in a manner permitted by the rules and regulations under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), provided that the corporation has first
received the written or implied consent required by those rules and regulations. The business transacted at a special meeting
of shareholders is limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting.
 
Section
1.05. Quorum
 
A
quorum at any meeting of shareholders shall consist of shareholders representing, either in person or by proxy, a majority of
the outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise specially provided by law. If
a quorum is not present at any such meeting, it may be adjourned from time to time until a quorum is present.
 
Section
1.06. Adjournments
 
Any
meeting of the shareholders may be adjourned from time to time to another date, time and place. If any meeting of the shareholders
is so adjourned, no notice as to such adjourned meeting need be given if the date, time and place at which the meeting will be
reconvened are announced at the time of adjournment and the adjourned meeting is held not more than 120 days after the date fixed
for the original meeting.
 
Section
1.07. Proposals Regarding Business Other Than Director Nominations
 
(a)       The
business transacted at any special meeting of shareholders is limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting
given pursuant to Section 1.04. The proposal of business (other than the nomination and election of Directors, which is subject
to Sections 2.09 and 2.10) to be considered by the shareholders at an annual meeting of shareholders may be made (i) pursuant
to the corporation’s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board, or (iii) by any shareholder of the corporation
who complies with this Section 1.07.
 
(b)       For
business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof
in writing to the Secretary of the corporation. To be timely, a shareholder’s notice must be received by the Secretary not
less than 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting. If, however, the date of the
annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by a shareholder is timely only if so
received not less than 90 days before the annual meeting or, if later, within 10 days after the first public announcement of the
date of the annual meeting. Except to the extent otherwise required by law, the adjournment of an annual meeting will not commence
a new time period for the giving of a shareholder’s notice as required above.
 


 2 
 

 
(c)       A
shareholder’s notice to the corporation must set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before an annual
meeting:
 
(i)       a
brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the
meeting;
 
(ii)       any
material interest in such business of the shareholder and of any beneficial owners on whose behalf the proposal is made;
 
(iii)       the
name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the corporation’s books, and of any such beneficial owner;
 
(iv)
(A) the class or series (if any) and number of shares of the corporation that are beneficially owned by such shareholder or any
such beneficial owner, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise
or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the corporation
or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the corporation, whether or not
such instrument or right is subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the corporation or otherwise
(a “Derivative Instrument”) owned beneficially by such shareholder or any such beneficial owner and any other opportunity
to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the corporation, (C) any proxy,
contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such shareholder or any such beneficial owner has a right
to vote any shares of the corporation, (D) any short interest of such shareholder or any such beneficial owner in any security
of the corporation (for purposes of these Bylaws, a person shall be deemed to have a “short interest” in a security
if such person has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security),
(E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the corporation owned beneficially by such shareholder or any such beneficial owner
that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the
corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such shareholder
or any such beneficial owner is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner,
and (G) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such shareholder or any such beneficial owner is entitled
to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date
of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of such shareholder’s or any such beneficial
owner’s immediate family sharing the same household (which information called for by this Section 1.07(c)(iv) shall be supplemented
by such shareholder not later than 10 days after the record date for the meeting to update and disclose such information as of
the record date); and
 


 3 
 

 
(v)       a
representation that the shareholder is a holder of record of shares entitled to vote at the meeting, will continue to be a holder
of record of shares entitled to vote at the meeting through the date of the meeting, and intends to appear in person or by proxy
at the meeting to make the proposal.
 
(d)       The
presiding officer at such meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly
brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures described in this Section 1.07 and, if the presiding officer so determines,
any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
 
(e)       “Public
announcement” means disclosure (i) when made in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press,
or comparable national news service, (ii) when contained in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or (iii) when given as the notice of the meeting
pursuant to Section 1.04.
 
(f)       With
respect to this Section 1.07, a shareholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of Minnesota law and the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.07.
 
(g)       Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 1.07, this Section 1.07 does not apply to any shareholder proposal made pursuant to Rule
14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The requirements, procedures, and notice deadlines of Rule 14a-8 shall govern any proposal
made pursuant thereto.
 
BOARD
OF DIRECTORS
 
Section
2.01. Regular Meetings
 
Regular
meetings of the Board may be established by the Board. They may be held without notice at the principal executive office of the
corporation, or at such other place or places as the Board may from time to time designate.
 
Section
2.02. Special Meetings
 
Special
meetings of the Board may be called at any time by any member of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary of the
corporation, to be held at the principal executive office of the corporation or at such other place or places as the Directors
may from time to time designate. Notices of all special meetings of the Board shall be given to each Director by twenty-four hours’
service of the same by letter, by telephone, by electronic communication or personally, provided that when notice is mailed, at
least three days’ notice shall be given.
 


4
 

 
Section
2.03. Quorum
 
A
majority of the Directors currently holding office shall be necessary at all meetings to constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business, except as otherwise provided herein, but a majority of the Directors present (although less than a quorum) may adjourn
any meeting, which may be held on a subsequent date without further notice, provided that a quorum be present at such deferred
meeting. If a quorum is present when a meeting is convened, the Directors present may continue to transact business until adjournment,
even though the withdrawal of a number of Directors originally present leaves less than the number otherwise required for a quorum.
 
Section
2.04. Waiver of Notice; Previously Scheduled Meetings
 
(a)       A
Director may waive notice of the date, time and place of a meeting of the Board. A waiver of notice by a Director entitled to
notice is effective whether given before, at or after the meeting, and whether given in writing, orally, by authenticated electronic
communication, or by attendance. Attendance by a Director at a meeting is a waiver of notice of that meeting, unless the Director
objects at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened
and thereafter does not participate in the meeting.
 
(b)       If
the day or date, time and place of a Board meeting have been provided herein or announced at a previous meeting of the Board,
no notice is required. Notice of an adjourned meeting need not be given other than by announcement at the meeting at which adjournment
is taken of the date, time and place at which the meeting will be reconvened.
 
Section
2.05. Action in Writing
 
Any
action which may be taken at a meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting if authorized by a writing or writings signed,
or consented to by authenticated electronic communication, by all of the Directors, and such action shall be effective when signed
or consented to by authenticated electronic communication by all of the Directors or at such other time as is set forth therein.
 
Section
2.06. Electronic Communications
 
Any
action which may be taken at a meeting of the Board may be taken by means of conference telephone, or if authorized by the Board,
by any other means of remote communication, by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, with
the same effect as though all such persons were present in person at such meeting. Participation in a meeting by any such means
constitutes presence in person at the meeting.
 


 5 
 

  
Section
2.07. Absent Directors
 
A
Director may give advance written consent or opposition to a proposal to be acted on at a Board meeting. If the Director is not
present at the meeting, consent or opposition to a proposal does not constitute presence for purposes of determining the existence
of a quorum, but consent or opposition shall be counted as a vote in favor of or against the proposal and shall be entered in
the minutes or other record of action at the meeting, if the proposal acted on at the meeting is substantially the same or has
substantially the same effect as the proposal to which the Director has consented or objected.
 
Section
2.08. Committees
 
(a)       A
resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board may establish committees having the authority of the Board
in the management of the business of the corporation to the extent provided in the resolution. Committees shall be subject at
all times to the direction and control of the Board, except as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 2.08 or as otherwise
provided by law.
 
(b)       A
committee shall consist of one or more natural persons, who need not be Directors, appointed by affirmative vote of a majority
of the Directors present at a duly held Board meeting.
 
(c)       Sections
2.01 through 2.07 apply to committees and members of committees to the same extent as those sections apply to the Board and Directors.
 
(d)       Minutes,
if any, of committee meetings shall be made available upon request to members of the committee and to any Director.
 
(e)       Unless
otherwise provided in the resolution of the Board establishing the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees,
each consisting of one or more members of the committee, and may delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the authority of the
committee. In these Bylaws, unless the language or context clearly indicates that a different meaning is intended, any reference
to a committee is deemed to include a subcommittee, and any reference to a committee member is deemed to include a subcommittee
member.
 
(f)       The
Board may establish a committee composed of one or more independent Directors or other independent persons to consider legal rights
or remedies of the corporation and whether those rights and remedies should be pursued.
 
Section
2.09. Director Nominations
 
(a)       Only
persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.09 or Section 2.10 are eligible for election
as Directors at an annual meeting of shareholders, unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation.
 


6
 

 
Nominations of
persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at an annual meeting of shareholders (i) by or at the direction of
the Board of Directors or (ii) by any shareholder entitled to vote for the election of Directors who complies with the procedures
set forth in this Section 2.09 or Section 2.10.
  
(b)       Nominations
by shareholders, other than with respect to nominations by shareholders pursuant to Section 2.10, must be made pursuant to timely
notice in writing to the Secretary of the corporation in accordance with this Section 2.09. To be timely, a shareholder’s
notice of nominations to be made at an annual meeting must be received by the Secretary not less than 90 days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting. If, however, the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before
or 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by a shareholder is timely only if so received not less than 90 days before the
annual meeting or, if later, within 10 days after the first public announcement of the date of the annual meeting. Except to the
extent otherwise required by law, the adjournment of an annual meeting will not commence a new time period for the giving of a
shareholder’s notice as described above.
 
(c)       A
shareholder’s notice to the corporation of nominations for an annual meeting of shareholders must set forth:
 
(i)       as
to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a Director: (A) the person’s
name, (B) all information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in solicitations subject to Rule
14a-12(c) under the Exchange Act or that is required pursuant to any other provision of Regulation 14A or any other applicable
regulation under the Exchange Act, and (C) the person’s written consent to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee
and to serve as a Director if elected; and
 
(ii)       as
to the shareholder giving the notice: (A) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear on the corporation’s
books, and of any beneficial owners on whose behalf the nomination is made, (B) the information called for by Section 1.07(c)(iv)
hereof with respect to such shareholder and any such beneficial owner, and (C) a representation that the shareholder is a holder
of record of shares of the corporation entitled to vote for the election of Directors, will continue to be a holder of record
of shares entitled to vote for the election of Directors through the date of the meeting, and intends to appear in person or by
proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice.
 
(d)       The
presiding officer at such meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not
made in accordance with the procedures prescribed in this Section 2.09 and, if the presiding officer so determines, the defective
nomination shall be disregarded.
 


 7 
 

 
(e)       With
respect to this Section 2.09, a shareholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of Minnesota law and the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.09.
 
Section
2.10. Proxy Access for Director Nominations
 
(a)
Proxy Access Eligibility. Whenever the Board solicits proxies with respect to the election of Directors at an annual meeting
of shareholders, subject to the provisions of this  Section 2.10, the corporation shall include in its proxy statement for such
annual meeting, in addition to any persons nominated for election by the Board or any committee thereof, the name, together with
the Required Information (as defined below), of any person nominated for election (the “Shareholder Nominee”) to the
Board by a shareholder or group of no more than 20 shareholders that satisfies the requirements of this Section 2.10 (the “Eligible
Shareholder”) and that expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Section 2.10 (the “Notice
of Proxy Access Nomination”) to have such nominee included in the corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this Section
2.10. For purposes of this Section 2.10, the “Required Information” that the corporation will include in its proxy
statement is (i) the information provided to the Secretary of the corporation concerning the Shareholder Nominee and the Eligible
Shareholder that is required to be disclosed in the corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (ii) if the Eligible Shareholder so elects, a Supporting Statement
(as defined below). The Required Information must be provided with the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination.
 
(b)
Maximum Number of Shareholder Nominees. The maximum number of Shareholder Nominees nominated by all Eligible Shareholders
that will be included in the corporation’s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders shall not exceed
the greater of (i) two or (ii) 20% of the number of Directors in office as of the last day on which a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination
may be delivered pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 2.10 (the “Final Proxy Access Nomination Date”) or,
if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20%. In the event that one or more vacancies for any reason
occurs on the Board after the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date but before the date of the annual meeting and the Board resolves
to reduce the size of the Board in connection therewith, the maximum number of Shareholder Nominees included in the corporation’s
proxy materials shall be calculated based on the number of Directors in office as so reduced. For purposes of determining when
the maximum number of Shareholder Nominees provided for in this Section 2.10 has been reached, each of the following persons shall
be counted as one of the Shareholder Nominees:
 
(i)
any individual nominated by an Eligible Shareholder for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this
Section 2.10 whose nomination is subsequently withdrawn,
 


 8 
 

 
(ii)
any individual nominated by an Eligible Shareholder for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this
Section 2.10 whom the Board decides to nominate for election to the Board, and
 
(iii)
any Director in office as of the Final Proxy Access Nomination Date who was included in the corporation’s proxy materials
as a Shareholder Nominee for either of the two preceding annual meetings of Shareholders (including any individual counted as
a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (ii)) and whom the Board decides to nominate for re-election
to the Board.
 
Any Eligible Shareholder submitting more than one Shareholder Nominee for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy
materials pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall rank such Shareholder Nominees based on the order in which the Eligible Shareholder
desires such Shareholder Nominees to be selected for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy materials. In the event that the
number of Shareholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Shareholders pursuant to this Section 2.10 exceeds the maximum number of
Shareholder Nominees provided for in this Section 2.10, the highest ranking Shareholder Nominee who meets the requirements of
this Section 2.10 from each Eligible Shareholder will be selected for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy materials until
the maximum number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of common stock of the corporation
each Eligible Shareholder disclosed as owned in its Notice of Proxy Access Nomination. If the maximum number is not reached after
the highest ranking Shareholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 2.10 from each Eligible Shareholder has been
selected, then the next highest ranking Shareholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this Section 2.10 from each Eligible
Shareholder will be selected for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy materials, and this process will continue as many
times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached.
 
(c)
Required Shares and Minimum Holding Period. In order to make a nomination pursuant to this Section 2.10, an Eligible Shareholder
must have owned (as defined below) at least 3% of the corporation’s outstanding common stock (the “Required Shares”)
continuously for at least three years (the “Minimum Holding Period”) as of both the date the Notice of Proxy Access
Nomination is delivered to the Secretary of the corporation in accordance with this Section 2.10 and the record date for determining
the shareholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, and must continue to own the Required Shares through the date
of the annual meeting. For purposes of this Section 2.10, an Eligible Shareholder shall be deemed to “own” only those
outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation as to which the shareholder possesses both:
 
(i)
the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares, and
 
(ii)
the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit from and risk of loss on) such shares,
 
provided
that the number of shares calculated in accordance with the immediately preceding clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares:
 


 9 
 

 
(A)
sold by such shareholder or any of its affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed,
 

(B)
borrowed by such shareholder or any of its affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such shareholder or any of its affiliates
pursuant to an agreement to resell, or
 
(C)
subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar instrument or agreement
entered into by such shareholder or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares
or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding common stock of the corporation, if, in any such case,
such instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of:
 
(1)
reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such shareholder’s or its affiliates’ full right
to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or
 
(2)
hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree any gain or loss realized or realizable from maintaining the full economic ownership
of such shares by such shareholder or affiliate.
 
A
shareholder shall “own” shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the shareholder retains
the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of Directors and possesses the full economic interest
in the shares. A person’s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which (i) the shareholder
has loaned such shares, provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned shared on 3 business days’ notice or
(ii) the shareholder has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement
which is revocable at any time by the shareholder. The terms “owned,” “owning” and other variations of
the word “own” shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of the common stock of the corporation
are “owned” for these purposes shall be determined by the Board or any committee thereof. For purposes of this Section
2.10, the term “affiliate” or “affiliates” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the General Rules
and Regulations under the Exchange Act.
 
(d)
Requirements for a Group.
 
(i)
Whenever the Eligible Shareholder consists of a group of shareholders:
 
(A)
a group of funds under common management and control shall be treated as one shareholder,
 
(B)
each provision in this Section 2.10 that requires the Eligible Shareholder to provide any written statements, representations,
undertakings, agreements or other
 


 10 
 


 
instruments or to meet any other conditions shall be deemed to require each shareholder that
is a member of such group to provide such statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments and to meet
such other conditions (except that the members of such group may aggregate their shareholdings in order to meet the 3% ownership
requirement of the “Required Shares” definition),
 
(C)
a breach of any obligation, agreement or representation under this Section 2.10 by any member of such group shall be deemed a
breach by the Eligible Shareholder, and
 
(D)
the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must designate one member of the group for purposes of receiving communications, notices
and inquiries from the corporation and otherwise authorize such member to act on behalf of all members of the group with respect
to all matters relating to the nomination under this Section 2.10 (including withdrawal of the nomination). 
 
(ii)
Whenever the Eligible Shareholder consists of a group of shareholders aggregating their shareholdings in order to meet the 3%
ownership requirement of the “Required Shares” definition in Section 2.10(c) hereof:
 
(A)
such ownership shall be determined by aggregating the lowest number of shares continuously owned by each such shareholder during
the Minimum Holding Period, and
 
(B)
the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must indicate, for each such shareholder, such lowest number of shares continuously owned
by such shareholder during the Minimum Holding Period.
 
(iii)
Any group of funds whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Shareholder must, within 5 business days
after the date of the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, provide documentation reasonably satisfactory to the corporation that
demonstrates that the funds are under common management and investment control. No person may be a member of more than one group
of shareholders constituting an Eligible Shareholder with respect to any annual meeting. For the avoidance of doubt, a shareholder
may withdraw from a group of shareholders constituting an Eligible Shareholder at any time prior to the annual meeting and if,
as a result of such withdrawal, the Eligible Shareholder no longer owns the Required Shares, the nomination shall be disregarded
as provided in Section 2.10(j)(ix).
 
(e)
Deadline for Notice of Proxy Access Nomination. Nominations by shareholders pursuant to this Section 2.10, must be made
pursuant to timely notice to the Secretary of the corporation in accordance with this Section 2.10. To be timely, a Notice of
Proxy Access Nomination must be received by the Secretary not less than 120 days and not more than 150 days prior to the first
anniversary of the date that the corporation distributed its proxy statement to shareholders for the preceding year’s annual
meeting. If, however, the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 60 days after the first anniversary date of
the
  

 11 
 


  
preceding year’s annual meeting, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination shall be timely only if received not less than
90 days and not more than 120 days prior to the annual meeting, or if later, within 10 days after the first public announcement
of the date of the annual meeting. In no event shall the adjournment of an annual meeting, or the public announcement of such
an adjournment, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination pursuant
to this Section 2.10.
 
(f)
Requirements for Notice of Proxy Access Nomination. To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.10, the Notice
of Proxy Access Nomination must include or be accompanied by the following:
 
(i)
the information and representations that would be required to be set forth in a shareholder’s notice of a nomination pursuant
to Section 2.09(c) (including the written consent of each Shareholder Nominee to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee
and to serve as a Director if elected),
 
(ii)
one or more written statements from the record holder of the Required Shares (and from each intermediary through which the Required
Shares are or have been held during the Minimum Holding Period) verifying that, as of a date within seven calendar days prior
to the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the corporation,
the Eligible Shareholder owns, and has owned continuously for the Minimum Holding Period, the Required Shares, and the Eligible
Shareholder’s agreement to provide one or more written statements from the record holder and such intermediaries verifying
the Eligible Shareholder’s continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date for determining the shareholders
entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, which statements must be provided within five business days after the record
date,
 
(iii)
a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the
Exchange Act,
 
(iv)
a representation that the Eligible Shareholder:
 
(A)
will continue to hold the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting,
 
(B)
acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at the
corporation, and does not presently have such intent,
 
(C)
has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board at the annual meeting any person other than the Shareholder
Nominee(s) it is nominating pursuant to this Section 2.10,
 
(D)
has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a “participant” in another person’s, “solicitation”
within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l)
 


 12 
 

 
under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a Director at the annual
meeting other than its Shareholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board,
 
(E)
has not distributed and will not distribute to any shareholder of the corporation any form of proxy for the annual meeting other
than the form distributed by the corporation,
 
(F)
has complied and will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to solicitations and the use, if any, of soliciting material
in connection with the annual meeting,
 
(G)
will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any solicitation or other communication with the corporation’s shareholders
relating to the meeting at which the Shareholder Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether any such filing is required
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and
 
(H)
has provided and will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the corporation and its shareholders
that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make such information, in light of the circumstances under which it was or will be made or provided, not misleading,
 
(v)
an undertaking that the Eligible Shareholder agrees to:
 
(A)
assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of communications with the shareholders of the
corporation by the Eligible Shareholder, its affiliates and associates or their respective agents and representatives, either
before or after providing a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination pursuant to this Section 2.10, or out of the facts, statements or
other information that the Eligible Shareholder or its Shareholder Nominee(s) provided to the corporation in connection with the
inclusion of such Shareholder Nominee(s) in the corporation’s proxy materials, and
 
(B)
indemnify and hold harmless the corporation and each of its Directors, officers and employees individually against any liability,
loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative,
against the corporation or any of its Directors, officers or employees arising out of any nomination submitted by the Eligible
Shareholder pursuant to this Section 2.10, and
 
(vi)
a written representation and agreement from each Shareholder Nominee that such Shareholder Nominee:
 


 13 
 

 
(A)
is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance
to, any person or entity as to how such Shareholder Nominee, if elected as a Director of the corporation, will act or vote on
any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the corporation,
 
(B)
is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the corporation
with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as
a Shareholder Nominee that has not been disclosed to the corporation, and is not and will not become a party to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with any person other than the corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement
or indemnification in connection with service or action as a Director,
 
(C)
has read and will comply with the corporation’s code of ethics, corporate governance guidelines, stock ownership guidelines,
securities trading policy, information security policy and any other policies or guidelines of the corporation applicable to Directors,
and
 
(D)
will make such other acknowledgments, enter into such agreements and provide such information as the Board requires of all Directors,
including promptly submitting all completed and signed questionnaires required of the corporation’s Directors.
 
(g)
Additional Information that May be Required. In addition to the information required pursuant to Section 2.10(f) or any
other provision of these Bylaws, the corporation also may require each Shareholder Nominee to furnish any other information:
 
(i)
that may reasonably be requested by the corporation to determine whether the Shareholder Nominee would be independent under the
rules and listing standards of the principal United States securities exchanges upon which the common stock of the corporation
is listed or traded, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any publicly disclosed standards used by
the Board in determining and disclosing the independence of the corporation’s Directors (collectively, the “Independence
Standards”),
 
(ii)
that could be material to a reasonable shareholder’s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such Shareholder
Nominee, or
 
(iii)
that may reasonably be required to determine the eligibility of such Shareholder Nominee to serve as a Director of the corporation.
 
(h)
Supporting Statement. The Eligible Shareholder may, at its option, provide to the Secretary of the corporation, at the
time the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is provided, a written statement, not to exceed 500 words, in support of the Shareholder
Nominee(s)’ candidacy (a “Supporting Statement”). Only one Supporting Statement may be submitted by an Eligible
Shareholder (including any group of shareholders together constituting an Eligible
 


 14 
 

 
Shareholder) in support of its Shareholder
Nominee(s). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.10, the corporation may omit from its proxy materials
any information or Supporting Statement (or portion thereof) that it believes would violate any applicable law or regulation.
 
(i)
Eligible Shareholder and Shareholder Nominee Duty to Update. In the event that any information or communications provided
by an Eligible Shareholder or a Shareholder Nominee to the corporation or its shareholders ceases to be true and correct in all
material respects or omits a material fact necessary to make such information, in light of the circumstances under which it was
made or provided, not misleading, such Eligible Shareholder or Shareholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify
the Secretary of the corporation of any defect in such previously provided information and of the information that is required
to correct any such defect. In addition, any person providing any information pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall further update
and supplement such information, if necessary, so that all such information shall be true and correct as of the record date for
determining the shareholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting and as of the date that is 10 business days prior
to such annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement (or a written certification
that no such updates or supplements are necessary and that the information previously provided remains true and correct as of
the applicable date) shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the
corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the shareholders entitled to receive notice
of such annual meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than
seven business days prior to the date of the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of the update
and supplement required to be made as of 10 business days prior to the meeting).
 
(j)
Other Reasons to Exclude Shareholder Nominee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.10,
the corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 2.10, a Shareholder Nominee in its proxy materials:
 
(i)
for any meeting of shareholders for which the Secretary of the corporation receives notice that the Eligible Shareholder or any
other shareholder intends to nominate one or more persons for election to the Board pursuant to the advance notice requirements
for shareholder nominees set forth Section 2.09,
 
(ii)
if such Shareholder Nominee would not be an independent Director under the Independence Standards, as determined by the Board
or any committee thereof,
 
(iii)
if such Shareholder Nominee’s election as a member of the Board would cause the corporation to be in violation of these
Bylaws, the Articles of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal United States securities exchanges upon
which the common stock of the corporation is listed or traded, or any applicable state or federal law, rule or regulation,
 


 15 
 

 
(iv)
if such Shareholder Nominee is or has been, within the past three years, an officer or Director of a competitor, as defined in
Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914,
 
(v)
who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted
in such a criminal proceeding within the past 10 years,
 
(vi)
if such Shareholder Nominee is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
 
(vii)
if such Shareholder Nominee or the Eligible Shareholder who nominated such Shareholder Nominee provides any facts, statements
or other information to the corporation or its shareholders required or requested pursuant to this Section 2.10 that is not true
and correct in all material respects or that omits a material fact necessary to make such information, in light of the circumstances
in which it is made or provided, not misleading,
 
(viii)
if such Shareholder Nominee or the Eligible Shareholder who nominated such Shareholder Nominee otherwise contravenes any of the
agreements or representations made by such Shareholder Nominee or Eligible Shareholder or fails to comply with its obligations
pursuant to this Section 2.10, or
 
(ix)
If either:
 
(A)
a Shareholder Nominee and/or the applicable Eligible Shareholder breaches any of its or their obligations, agreements or representations
under this Section 2.10, or
 
(B)
the Shareholder Nominee otherwise becomes ineligible for inclusion in the corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this
Section 2.10 or dies, becomes disabled or is otherwise disqualified from being nominated for election or serving as a Director
of the corporation,
 
in
each case under this Section 2.10(j)(ix) as determined by the Board, any committee thereof or the chairman of the annual meeting,
then:
 
(1)
the corporation may omit or, to the extent feasible, remove the information concerning such Shareholder Nominee and the related
Supporting Statement from its proxy materials and/or otherwise communicate to its shareholders that such Shareholder Nominee will
not be eligible for election at the annual meeting,
 
(2)
the corporation shall not be required to include in its proxy materials for that annual meeting any successor or replacement nominee
proposed by the applicable Eligible Shareholder or any other Eligible Shareholder, and
 


 16 
 

 
(3)
the Board or the chairman of the annual meeting shall declare such nomination to be invalid, such nomination shall be disregarded
notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the corporation and the named proxies will not
vote any proxies received from shareholders with respect to such Shareholder Nominee.
 
In
addition, if the Eligible Shareholder (or a representative thereof) does not appear at the annual meeting to present any nomination
pursuant to this Section 2.10, such nomination shall be disregarded as provided in the immediately preceding clause (3).
 
(k)
Resubmission of Shareholder Nominee. Any Shareholder Nominee who is included in the corporation’s proxy materials
for a particular annual meeting of shareholders but either (i) withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election
at the annual meeting, or (ii) does not receive at least 25% of the votes cast in favor of such Shareholder Nominee’s election,
will be ineligible to be a Shareholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.10 for the next two annual meetings of Shareholders.
 
(l)
Exclusivity. This Section 2.10 provides the exclusive method for a shareholder to include nominees for election to the
Board in the corporation’s proxy materials.
 
Section
2.11. Chairman of the Board
 
The
Board may elect or appoint from its members a Chairman of the Board who shall preside at all meetings of shareholders and of the
Board, shall make reports to the Board and shareholders, and shall have such other authority and perform such other duties as
the Board may from time to time determine.
  
OFFICERS
 
Section
3.01. Number and Designation
 
The
corporation shall have one or more natural persons exercising the functions of the offices of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. The Board and, to the extent permitted by law, the Chief Executive Officer may elect or appoint such other
officers or agents as deemed necessary for the operation and management of the corporation, with such powers, rights, duties and
responsibilities as may be determined by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, including, without limitation, a President,
one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Secretaries, and one or more Assistant Treasurers.
Any of the offices or functions of those offices may be held by the same person.
 
Section
3.02. Chief Executive Officer
 
Unless
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall have general active management of the business
of the corporation, shall see that all orders and
 


 17 
 


 
resolutions of the Board are carried into effect, and shall perform such other
duties as the Board may from time to time determine.
 
Section
3.03. President
 
Unless
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall be the President of the corporation. If a person
other than the Chief Executive Officer is designated as President, the President shall perform such duties as the Board or the
Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine.
 
Section
3.04. Chief Financial Officer
 
Unless
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Chief Financial Officer shall keep accurate financial records for the corporation,
shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board, whenever requested, an account of the financial condition of the corporation,
and shall perform such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine.
 
Section
3.05. Vice Presidents
 
Any
one or more of the Vice Presidents may be designated by the Board or, to the extent permitted by law, the Chief Executive Officer
as an Executive or Senior Vice President, and each Vice President shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Board
or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine.
 
Section
3.06. Secretary
 
Unless
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Secretary shall issue notices for all meetings, except as otherwise provided
for herein, and the Secretary shall keep minutes of all meetings, have charge of the seal and the corporate books, and make such
reports and perform the other duties incident to that office, and shall have such other authority and perform such other duties
as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine.
 
Section
3.07. Treasurer
 
The
Treasurer shall perform such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Chief Financial Officer may from time to
time determine.
 
Section
3.08. Term of Office
 
The
officers of the corporation shall hold office until their respective successors are elected or appointed or until their earlier
resignation, death or removal. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by the Board or, to the extent permitted by law, by the Chief Executive Officer.
 


 18 
 


 
Section
3.09. Vacancies
 
Vacancies
in any office or designation arising from any cause may be filled by the Directors or, to the extent permitted by law, the Chief
Executive Officer.
 
Section
3.10. Delegation; Execution of Instruments
 
(a)       Unless
prohibited by the Board, an officer may, without the approval of the Board, delegate some or all of the duties and powers of his
or her office to other persons.
 
(b)       All
contracts, deeds, mortgages, notes, checks, conveyances, releases of mortgages and other instruments shall be signed on behalf
of the corporation by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, or any Vice President,
or by such other person or persons pursuant to delegated authority or as may be designated or authorized from time to time by
the Board or by the Chief Executive Officer.
 
INDEMNIFICATION
 
Section
4.01. Generally
 
The
corporation shall indemnify its present and former officers, Directors, and committee members for such expenses and liabilities,
in such manner, under such circumstances, and to the fullest extent, as required or permitted by Section 302A.521 of the Minnesota
Statutes, as amended from time to time, or as required or permitted by other provisions of law.
 
Section
4.02. Indemnification Committee
 
There
is hereby established an Indemnification Committee. The committee shall have the fullest authority and responsibility available
under Section 302A.521 of the Minnesota Statutes, as amended from time to time, with respect to the determination of indemnification
of, and the payment or reimbursement of expenses in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding to, persons who are not,
and who were not at the time of the relevant acts or omissions, Directors or officers of the corporation or persons possessing
directly or indirectly the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the corporation. The committee
shall consist of the Chief Executive Officer; the senior personnel officer; the Chief Financial Officer and the General Counsel.
In the event of vacancy in the office of Chief Executive Officer or in the event that officer is not a member of the Board, the
Chairman of the Board shall be an ex officio member of the committee. In the event of vacancy in any other position, the Chief
Executive Officer shall appoint an interim member of the committee. By reason of their annual election and designation to these
offices, said officers shall be deemed to have been annually appointed to the committee. The committee shall report its actions
to the Board at least once in each fiscal year. At that time, the Board shall have the opportunity to ratify the existence and
constitution of the committee. At all meetings of the committee, the presence of a least two members shall constitute a quorum
for the
  


 19 
 

 
transaction
of business, notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in Section 2.03 or 2.08(c).
 
SHARES
 
Section
5.01. Certificated and Uncertificated Shares
 
(a)       The
shares of the corporation shall be either certificated shares or uncertificated shares. Each holder of duly issued certificated
shares is entitled to a certificate of shares.
 
(b)       The
corporation may determine that some or all of any or all classes and series of the shares of the corporation will be uncertificated
shares. Any such determination shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until the certificate is surrendered to
the corporation.
 
Section
5.02. Execution of Share Certificates
 
The
certificates of certificated shares of the corporation shall bear the corporate seal and shall be signed by the Chairman of the
Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary; but when a certificate is
signed by a transfer agent or a registrar the signature of any such corporate officer and the corporate seal upon such certificate
may be facsimiles engraved or printed.
 
Section
5.03. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Share Certificates
 
In
the event of a certificate of shares being lost, stolen, or destroyed, a new certificate of the same tenor and for the same number
of shares as the one lost, stolen or destroyed may be issued pursuant to the standards prescribed from time to time by the Board.
  
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section
6.01. Fiscal Year
 
The
fiscal year of the corporation shall commence on whatever date the Sunday shall fall which Sunday immediately follows the Saturday
which is nearest to the last day of January in any one year, and such fiscal year shall end on whatever date the Saturday which
is nearest to the last day of January in the following year shall fall.
 


 20 
 

 
Section
6.02. Amendments
 
These
Bylaws may be altered, amended, added to, or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board at any
regular meeting of the Board, or at any special meeting of the Board called for that purpose, subject to the power of the shareholders
to change or repeal such Bylaws and subject to any other limitations on such authority of the Board provided by the Minnesota
Business Corporation Act.
 


21

 



EX-101.SCH
3
tgt-20200106.xsd
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA











00000001 - Document - Cover
link:presentationLink
link:calculationLink
link:definitionLink




















EX-101.LAB
4
tgt-20200106_lab.xml
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

















Cover [Abstract]


Document Type


Amendment Flag


Amendment Description


Document Registration Statement


Document Annual Report


Document Quarterly Report


Document Transition Report


Document Shell Company Report


Document Shell Company Event Date


Document Period Start Date


Document Period End Date


Document Fiscal Period Focus


Document Fiscal Year Focus


Current Fiscal Year End Date


Entity File Number


Entity Registrant Name


Entity Central Index Key


Entity Primary SIC Number


Entity Tax Identification Number


Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code


Entity Address, Address Line One


Entity Address, Address Line Two


Entity Address, Address Line Three


Entity Address, City or Town


Entity Address, State or Province


Entity Address, Country


Entity Address, Postal Zip Code


Country Region


City Area Code


Local Phone Number


Extension


Written Communications


Soliciting Material


Pre-commencement Tender Offer


Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer


Title of 12(b) Security


No Trading Symbol Flag


Trading Symbol


Security Exchange Name


Title of 12(g) Security


Security Reporting Obligation


Annual Information Form


Audited Annual Financial Statements


Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer


Entity Voluntary Filers


Entity Current Reporting Status


Entity Interactive Data Current


Entity Filer Category


Entity Small Business


Entity Emerging Growth Company


Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period


Document Accounting Standard


Other Reporting Standard Item Number


Entity Shell Company


Entity Public Float


Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current


Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding


Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]






EX-101.PRE
5
tgt-20200106_pre.xml
XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE




































































































































ZIP
6
0001104659-20-002962-xbrl.zip
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

begin 644 0001104659-20-002962-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( -MS*E#;G42-2 ,  *0,   0    =&=T+3(P,C P,3 V+GAS
M9+56VW+:,!!];F?Z#ZI?.[)PTEP@D$PFF70R)6D:FDN?.L)>0(V17$D.)%_?
ME2] P&& M#S)JW..=N6SBYM'XV%,'D$;H63+"_R:1T"&*A*RW_)N.O2XIRZBSD0,
MFIRH81*#!=S(3VJ0'3^("*4KR-Z"C)2^N3Z?R ZL31J,C48C7ZI'/E+ZP?BA
M6DVN8[E-S42K-JX5O]7H%\*$$_*GK_L[H[WQM;CO@]Q/+[OWQ^:.WYT]=:_L
M.YVY>[]T_??:?^:)YT12^7@R\_.YW9^9-.$ QAR@F]"FI8W
M4]UHVU>ZS[9JM8#=7[0[&E]#9SVUUN
M8**,NV()7DACN0Q?X",[(&6X@/JC3
M6D"W@Q*>&MKG/)E0>MQT,^EBHX)BM%V$8[ :2NU3 J:2D&]5T&Q_>D*H=**P
M/\"W7/?!HF.'2'$OM[:+71?#$*0]4WIX"CV>QLC\D_)8] 1$'LDYSH,FX2&L
MJ%H:FDNIT/?8>47$Q9)$H+$Q\*[I'-#0*H8?6 AQ"^RWY6A'TA!39H46+!82ZADI=H;C,*$TV#YZ12 U$W^1AMDXT&.1E5;0Q
M4! +R"NDD,=A&J_'F:9222D"Y6U-[Z]LHVOHD:S]&LX6+$B5O@R26#O"J+,QK
M)+>@4_:J"2S].WCE&K+S*XD,8FO*R!NS6?SOV#R=3&N#?%Z\\,AJYH285))*
M'-9:A*M9999YF1.=5^K.*\'N&Y/9+)&-LWAAOE"ETNHG=]E[:[EVEE@^T*G*
MVGZ9_SI9R2HE*;>)^UYY@V.K/W&ULS9U=;^.X%8;O
M"_0_L-Z;%AC'<8(MD.S,+C*>9&%L-DECSVS;1;&@)<810I,!)2?VOR\IB;)$
M\4A*BI+,148COH=Z*3XAJ0]2'W_:;2AZ(2)-./LTFAX=CQ!A$8\3MOXT^KH8
M7RQF\_D(I1EF,::_A50HE ,[YYIB0C,J$X\#GZ_F@:H_%X0+;?"(NY
M^'H_K[)]S++G\\GD]?7UB/$7_,K%4WH4\6'9+3*PR!0
MH?XWUK*QVC6>GHQ/IT>[-![IDY^?0;9_EAREBY-J,]V9=_.R+['PI0CW=>A"7/,'V7^7JD?7OMYI6KGM=QJ6"2[3'9?)-8F518=+7!^A+QC*/.NK
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MYY3D$:@,"0V>RQ#J(%%KNE](M2RW451)0X6)-/A0);R,*3BO/)4>Y#1
M0U)+Z9HAP*I)CR$+BAN[-Y"80HYR?2BH7+)X$"B5S@\FADT[)*4H0$2:SOH
MD6K_>%PE:81IX>A*[DL["FG1NL8$M&NBTA(&A0OD#D2F"-#DY"$!8/,O@L4P
M:&I*/\BTK-J!J60!XF)ZZX-%Z3VB,ML*T? .]T&PU-F#WAZSU3-?0!R!TO7TKDE [#91,,0!<2&W1D 1RE&N1I)N4SJ,M= L(
M9+1)B*D*"!' &L!(J4:+^DN(]]!Y60+U;9'IL-\D!Q $!
MU.T0X$@&H6:4?YSF+.+BF==>IYCQK6P2]S,>PR.7GBBW: TJ0A.PSI" ,!OB
M$X"M$?JA>.4_UPDC4_ L6+5N&>NPVR3+(@R(
M)]@=0%&I_* WD(I!MRPL=$[>4. 3_^BP8VO  LAOLHZ@:+NLX_RB5 _?>
M/Q@M\]/B-$W:FYM"$QXJ36.]#4VA]@_&'4\S3/^=/'=>LMO%7B"Q&K:BTE"&
M!XS-7A\V10R20?XNP4MTU8,1ZP0W(]W=5&6+KRLJBVFJIJNI851T6U#K7K._\:EQM\?M5J7AMX]M"6
MN*IOR)RNW[13=? Z(8@Z-MVT
MNF^=[J5.?Q-))H\_XYO-EI7/C&QO*@(Z5W7=:5/7NU44! -=SDP>2BUJBKW
ML> TB9(L8>M?Y<6J2+"M;#:1*RQ@@YJ)MB((($!;)@T'(=)*+RC>B8P,&$>U"%2$H#PF!'CF:;HE
MXDT(64(\@02:!W!JZ4.$"C+9BU81Z)^P!8FVLM_<3T]6RR2CMLO0ML19+P68
MJ_HH(ST(0@!3)A%Y&N(/:'KRU]7?D([R L$-7PJL5L==[#!9+ZM7$2*G]T+&-DXS$A:6KA&$6)9A6"T':[JGWASAC9J#Y"I\>?1@D#3/9
M@JH(T^LU5H&'13W]W(PO7O/XC5#Z"^.O;$%PRAF)BSLPMN=.W7JW[^7TV&Z^
MF@.(@X!JB$/@!1T5-'Y244B'E??///+TC=,MR[#(Y[\+6RL%Z-SR ]AL:=J88V[5!D1.IT%HQGFY
M9LEAY%Q$>9T$FA'U)8WDA7S!&2X=@J6&Y*ZG?7:9-N=[VK0!@=1I$)SA6<6H
M!6^P)LOSPC=B)@=B:][QIKJAP6<2A(0)#9?'>O@"*2U'HE8;#"E
MG[=IPD@*=TV&RBT15HM-(AJ2@(BP^0*(R*5(:ST2RU5I
MP1(":K>$=%INDF*5!D1,ES^ '!V"BAB]D+!/A':'A=6+]23A\EJDCN$!S1KD
MM'0A80.9:S%#2:3NS]SP#"TY^IH2E#T2=%E^OJ^^(GZ1C]]OL$21FJ!1C-Q9
MC(4-I"ZQ\^^Q@(9;7V5I*8/ J=<>_(66*@+I$"_LW$J>1?V*+[*?B,V9/8/F?1_D[PB!#U1E=:M5]]=^T&1KLEYTU%:C(U*#0@VM[B%^#P
MD 6JY?&AUH?YOP6H7EQ7:]7QZ&GQB.5IO-UFJ>I9I3WX/GIGD.,'% ,*8#RF
MZ(@(", !-J%'%GDDRD,_H"(8U:*]7L.EAY4.2?QY?T\>B% S()9DEWV6AWOJ
MN H9$.OZ"F]P<9H#P7V[?AZ[NN
MY9;C;;5S8Q;]3F>Y7+:%?")+J1YU.Y&PZL:&
MF%QOZ^JNNIN?LO@Y9^*Q[WY-B*:1A25T?Z7916NGU>5I6ZI9YZ3;[77^^70S
M3N8T(S$3#EI"6U4I5TM=N=[9V5FG^+8R/;)<312OVCCM5.YL:[;?LH#]CB>:
M]77AWHU,B"EBWMA,Y+5P_\656>P.Q;V3^+377NFT5E%R\R,;<1A[KYQ3;S:LS'K
MA>V\TO%-54F$+QC3VP5X2NC.U3-*TJT]:+ KFG2GLFG3DJ9Q=\[2G2F8^1AL>TN/H+B[;Q,]D
M>FF]2)TG0TYF]5 /3(!4>QA8:]7@>. 1V"D"#,*?+R4(1VI1XW!'
M%9.IO>PK0 2.C('LSS#9>Q2^ .K7(H4RWYJ"LR9\Y ?R4($/F4X(+_T:VF,Z
M#+W&' H>)5]ME/D"X/]+B0*CWS&&@D=)81LDHF ?Y$KMN10<9_S64/ HR6N3
M2!3RU\(PLW;S"Y_S;/+CP>P^\6,K*&F4A-4G"I%P]<1"=_$J)\: DEC9*G
MAL0ATAY858KPD4CIZB-=AW ?F4)YH^2G07F(P.\4RXA:CUG2/(P(M (H*2D(+F(@1B):K:S>AP]D+D]0])0\MD$B/O;B.G2K
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M;RX%#0/.GE&@:,1)A&^4\X]"+L68$BT%3YDK1:;':TAY)X"4/2(JW
M4C%#L/JQG[[2A]U(ZE?
M* K_6S.G:O=.JW!I9'.^T/*+YE+06*"DNE#1F%?>G?W90ZHA);9TP
MS!UA^82S9,@E"=['[YE!*2-FL#6R$"%?$?&H\H5)UG=*)I2ZJ1J]/?\ :12P
M FA@$'/;9Z' ?. @L\QME9+)XWANI>O;W!1OB;5>!A\[!,M! X2Y:14@'/5.
M2?_8S$;3J_4]G5+E%DP\T)6YLLT]AF^< ,6A44)]^Q(80TVPSCM'NF[L ?="
MX/(;]\N]]-8>^1]02P,$%     @ VW,J4#-0K Q"$P  WV@  !$   !T;3(P
M,38P,2TQ7SAK+FAT;>4]:7?:O-+?Y)SRE@UNS<0X&T- %2($WS
M?,D1M@ UQG:\L.37OS.R#09LE@32]KE=DF!)L\]H-)*I7'N*AH^MTZX=
M4^5S7?&)CR237 (-KC:=.EY%A]MC.F <
MU3>%- .'[,>GYLVLNQW>?]8U:9M4L[JZ.: VZ! AY>)2.I[.!X#$+2;/ 8+/
MB9X^7 OG))Y)^7"6E#//*39WJ#65N,(6Q.WCA :$?AJ74@'H)NM& L\GH=7O
MZ%CQ'J7&M'.76AW1T6L(@0TMIJXR*W2,: D9).N.9IN3@P4CXF/)!1!;X3_'-AQDJ[93+/C[8D!*I'=3YM?Y*ES\7B[?P#?DA\?BFHS.Y
M1^#W,8S/1Y_/+;D%BOPGT&CY,?7H12D7S:!D;ZL=6G)K,>TX\B*+M
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M@&X!OHO2TATS@%%8YIDG!L*5E6+P0[@_C E#F#Z=/NH4N&XO.P&2!F75FF I(HTT;5%&;L^)!F;4O#F*O/V:#\#+TR-\1_
M/D> _] 3Z;RG5.&8A;PD/A"=0X[)LQDLTA@&-8"TS#1]P+5U:-?+91%O
M&&"_?4X*80)-+GFD&R;\X'V1!!#P'?]>&'[ 'T#RP;4S(L4@"3)$W;7UP1C+X;,05NX_SD/17;&YX1S>!
M*G?X)Y7*3P1@$$M7N7).O$8?DMN>FK7CY!:W^ M,G? T5OC/OU-YZ=SES_L:
M8"$YQ\,B_^A6L/S", %",,93/@1I4@AC4A"E)S%C8=X]63?OGA.!F*J\!\*7
M 3LS-T1]T2GQI-$F^50F@
MK\>\!'LW5K:Y7PKW(]2Q]:D/IG-K77"'+O:NFOZUSGC5:-;(A65034QDF,.?
M2B=BR1*/EW79P502%Y^/\G2A-EVI/;Z4KM73DIJCW506P+TUH0SBBQ5.XM>+
M">1%$BDM_#*O7*.K]'YU!=&J6:FW2;-RVVBV5PIASY3I?8?89MCLEM#G14QG*?:N!C1=G&YM1I)ON[ZG&?J#%M
M1OZ;S-!-FQSAY\,#> #K)Q4$91,V!'C$%.T,9+GHG>4%[[P5.;=?20AUTW+F
MI.ZPX?73#^75;AI"J :0#C^@J=3(!PIH6Y\1QAL#*HK_>6MA!]8X\Y)76=>>+F9D756I
M88$\_)]$=
MVG1U9SC[B2S,R5&$! K9*%_.I5+'4?G,_-:A2_F3F/G
MJZ5^)$(+YNPZY.HF^0FINJ5PD&-:5[&_&R'^X:3,
MI+R:EE@ '21HJ*;+6"X6;DH[M)JU=VS=@,M9<34D-7N;4Q/\4P?L2TJ^'IIU/[Z>+GA^&M?*-]*[Z^B!+!U!SV6"&7RTJ9
MK?.)WS-&''DLXHK
MQ.>?'W&/HNJ!& ^*)J/1%OSU>[U5NE>5ETYO!Q8]G5MY:+L0:_TKH8_[HS[75"]B#-6R$A96)8=[\[A8&K_9=XVJ]K]Y]\G
MZ=3QN07@568@PT03' ==C8+^HGTM*8I.A=^K&+L!ZHW0E/I,?A*[%-2 >0=B
M$ZZ&.OJ8=)BJCP@76QB'!U.-=^F JY,S%9L3_OM\4Q=*$FNT$[.(\.&^RU2%&L\V=4(\5 #.T'R[X7;;4>J8E*Z:))V1$M#QPPZV6OX4J_+W4EJ0&LL@$:U7 SXMR;#>(!G2L61!9P0S$:W&Y7%?+U[JC64;S]3I\=[-:QHNM['P !_
M7 X0L#9RI;)*/'W4^;"9N;E]_YY;U>*^4G_/O1VQR0G+=
M(66OW25PJ77=\G4JDVSZ]9N";;P31\3!*+E/9)5:ULI-F'?C-["=>M&9&FMG
M'V1M+.A4[@V"-JFH!;0F@XZN'EFK][IVR,^&^](NT#>9X1M.E=2]TT3""ID_
M-T!('/4Y/)D%SK<6*^?ENR?/W.56CU]']Z:122K=$3X;GH@\V.C.GRTT>0@TF&5'48^3\I(9UD,L3 &UAXF^6UIR]VIYAM
MXL:K0\,^-.U%"C=0A*OYV*P\W%0[56FTBXV\.800J3ZW]Z6]>?VL#T?^?/[.
M,^LNM9I;\%\_\8T^9IH_O3=KXZ[1:/*=[?MA2%W>\@NC"6(Q>@FT^DA5X^
MS=2W+-Q'5+7_H,2]JBFXI&&D,R&R*&-#KZ?#@U&?B9,\"S5F;A%0/"R($%*/
M]$Q]9/=Q:61@W9E:1&%=KKD'8^BO"CEQ&EV
MN\_%"5L#3]CB&2-WN97NQ-,;7@Z80L6EUVQ< &QB7V=MWW.WHQ*N%F]!^ZJ*
MP>G/X+. 7W+!A_MW[^9)?U:>AA"%]EHL6$'8AG4"3U/[]>'(U>Q/Q[)Y
M=_+FJL^:F%WM'AY$.RYNXX6% 6_C*A@ ^N#53(6E/'BUIHN%O6,QT0NX\K:R
M\+TQ7"SVW4OZ/]=
M[_P"M_X]]T5V#. ZWC$9?8IW&'@F,$[5$9U8\[#S$782Y&1Z:7Y>SG.8@\H-
MU^L66HR\R1(LNRV6Y=Y6AMN(NFT.<7B]?"1T9UW/2=$P=*[96/9V:8#FY1@
M2,#^\,4-NSKN,078T,C"5_B+((*',2L"MD0YRAMVW&Q+@FMYX"O52.+_0+],&400WR
M"C) 9CU\+@&"T4D125B0@R
M=W4-P]>GB4I'&'?4H08K5BC[OIT!AY:"HJU:2J1S:-BKMA1F#A"6D%Q0XKWWL$ZLUM06]*!)%$K
M@9P,TFG0$MZV*5.;NO=:C]Q"K>U.:57Q FF";Y!&O?PIJ=CF5:+T^U2)-JFM
M_%Y5G;VK=1;9,71![G6=IV
M\FP@X+KIZ5M@35+C8_5]JDU&C>-IK%MGB9Y=N.)BT1(!Z,F'L2 OU\2P96
MC]\=I>Y;U\ZF&4A*\E]!]IJC(DO DU:2E,&-OB3(#7=V+N4W6LGR\#^)ULKT
MHO!W#NOW6Y-9XJW88B%7ZG/6)3>L!VL\M\ H:HU>^7I/:8SXFD[D%I/UZ:;P
MW(Y77/2,V E9D:]DSDG#$(?6SY N?\/TAEKV/W>_:R_YR1I]1:;U7.M4OJ]]:Y8&7YY>OO5>*MR@^6:U
MT[ZM)7N]J^_*M>U]
M:7/;5IKN=U;Q/^#V5*:D*EB1Y"6+2@B 0$V%LGL
M7W_?[6Q8*-(D92K&U%3'(D'@X)QW7Y[WIU\__O[;S\/!3[^^NKB$_P;X?S]]
MO/KXVZN??_J6_PO??BM?__3B[>6_@@\?__7;J__[CVF6EC\&9Z>+,O@8SU41
MO%&WP?ML'J4A?Q &'U0>3_\!/X2?OG-_]V@:S>-D^>/J7SX/YE%^':C5
MIUD\BLO@Z/'QBSL?M]&]&S=:=Q>=O8!+:V\Y5FFI:TN(1SZ6M^^?ACK?$A[^O'B_2^O/@X'+]^^?_?V_<7'J[=O
M'L;"'](F'UT4P\'%7*43-0D^SO*LNIX%_Q.E590O@^_#X/ST_/3X ;R*WO-^
MD5L3Q1\_?_CUXOVK7]_^=OGJ/>B*/_9\]G]611E/EP>WKUONH1J7<98.!V1JG
M6RQ2;^=P 'M;SE10S*)-J
M+^,-%-Q"
M\?6R)R=_>W[8G90Y/PD^.*3SW__U_?G9=\^##PLUCJV0*7HIL_DB90^'@[F6
MWFV\BA0-'#@&5E3$#L 6RV!1@3 I6&+P/^&^P(CX'3)9J/GTY2Q6T^"5D4EO
M22;ES[WOAX/7<1JE=*+U"YB3Y;'E;8;_G"-'S=5\A M$'E09[!5\ ;_)4F4N
M\5X$_XL"*H)"B6Q1M,A3.("YQ
M3T"NP"_AE6]GF8BVB9JC\""F+X14M4"$-=[F<5FJ%)>" OH:-@:H'>53]XX%
M(JKXZ\9^\6.F2WP"Z8/F 1FQM2\Q]" ,R]V)IL)@$DS,$J &5GD_2![&DWQ(V=;65S99XJR
M+>I[(I\/!WP*)\&5^W;3*$X*^XYT4[MEO-[Z4N'-X.G15^Y@A>D+2B G!;X*F+/+N),4H0I_J! ;#V$VU6JT\+
ME19M-G1OQ*TO*9^SEXN:+?/5IK!8EB0)R/FYC9#%2_7BA^S
M6+%\!9Y)6#0+666B?7MVH?+E*&J7T/".12"[7C9T5IHC#FJ&5F&0+
M(?NL92H::DIYU&9+8AZS >CK"RS.7UVJ 3>
M"'OI^_^?1X] ]8*0_S%X%UTK?"_45+A
MU\&C1Y+8^^GRZG_]_!5OTMEYRRX]P\]&
M&%NWZQX9;,9/W\([M+S. C;ET2A7T5^/.%3P(_@=MT#8_KV?M=P;W]Y]$^=<
M[&G7GNP07_8.\O9@$F
MTG4.U,"Z+4Y3561E%'PHH[(JE;%C@L>GYQ=,I/NI&)4N16K)(D?0QF$K19 +N
M;,'2K\6PBH+K/*L6=7&/@AYLN A>#H2XRN>H0HSYG5>)8A'--BRQ=%"E$[(X
MU7  6U"!UHGA*E!@(+V![B[&9'.>_?#XB;U@$20P[9S>_33,6)84Y1;/Z2KK#<>_3%Y]ADSX]"?Y?
ME>75O#=#-U_DQ7#P;]H\'?/K,!/%KD-&BXNR\6VNP'A#%B0;4,443@?*!PE3
M3TM4L$X,+M@;RTWW
M'*?[^[/ZLY/@@C>>]'3/\)_!\.G2Y E6I0E6$3@:+BFGS":4??-]3@HCU61)
M_3'# ; %F#KF,2'&MFPX!Q[!\2:S#'VS5"$'*]\P:EL&LO#M+,9\HA,[NHW)
M/26;(DOA%JCUDD\1@E,_A#,@^_"KD"O\O2I,=2YBCZ)A7O,[_?D2OHLL21_U;"T/MS10?
M#EB@P&^**@)>A]NY<63V&19"5?ACL^HC%H7$\7Q_34DD,%I+$D(132@%J]&?
M\"&E#>6)17!^351P%!^;
M]S592\?B,FD#NV/&%#J*X<>8I
M.&M;X,U) 6$]E%F!OUMH-(7!++O%:'UH306^!P;IO;T%AK!FALZMRDG DIYY
M=@=;4L["V%R2+:@?$]Y;#B)+X7_ Q"HR)P;CEUW\X#^;K*.:!(+7@7M0WC(D
MAHY3FPXPAA%OWZ(:)?'86&-D=>DMO?OOMW<7EY=6;7_[O/T[_07]_
M>'?Q4O\MSY2[C;,DB18%K$W_ZSG0ZZ2/'WU@R^'C9=L63;SJJAYS=U_O^//BX7, "+_)H
M%(^?!V^BN>*S>9/ACI][60[]*_RFZ^F/:T^GWBM_R=]^?(__@WO^M\_E/'A9
ML#.S9[R!V7,Q'*R0X$T[F:V(0I6H#,!>Y?@%9:[G4:D5G*MBV8]0;%/E9"S5
MK"@3I/EQ?WM\F,=_MOO#CS0SRWE(D=J%B7:)9 X MKQ
MX(KW1[W]46]RUL1F:23A8LFEMU5.AM*' C[28H'=+%G:&2499=E?1>@2 Q-.
MC2+ZL][ZK&^.AX.CBV,^B20JN+ 5OH6?'<6T]\=MME.=16H8!I1O [AXE(#RX
MCF(9!D69@3< Q)5CH),61#8KQZ9?D_;*Q54HGV>V0.##5M234:-&R@G&TB$LX5CZ@]M8[$V  M79E6ZZ$73E4MJW436+D!89B&)\3XL8$EEE0(Y41 7=,LT+DUQ
M-57\I$O]L3X=4S(?IV,T3NB8)DK^+3MD3FG%<1R]/-;W_[0,AP,@R#*/QB76
M.^58\X.O'_)FZR1_R/6L4HXSBQ=>V)TCXYMM"18+17SNM EH,72EARF(Z.8P0X@J2:L)QYG*6524?K4XS'?2"[]W$W\G%O-@M9F@)<
MQZ>M1ZE(VS>ZJ*R:NZ.?*N1\*-KW<5HIB7WJ.Y)^V_26\&^&=*JEN^TCN3>M
M))L1O5,.PK16%H.A4=85PCSZ2WD!M_UG6VL4L ^YOY&-*4;2[S5UE8F("
M+5$EW>U,I5Q71W[0@D+*X..09P'R&3Q&6U]TF=T&_Y.EO&@DO/R&G(*+HL@P
M#@A7OL,;A!+DFVN7E0L+P<=)\7>%_AV5X]$*4#Y'<S+ #^;(Z8;< 1B>*")@<6X4F-5$Y:U*CM.B%,O(U5R
M+B5"C)@;X ."Q8ZDW-URF42W)G.JB6DM6DHPO
MG$Q]F^ _3,'[T.CK>@/Z>I.5>%PZ.DS*%*L$KVVM!84MNGN2*5;
M2&Y+G==H5F!@L1]*;%?"O ?2&@[.GD2/OL>KYE5R3?+8M,%Z\DQ#YEE2#AT;
M(]1X!RC6)BJ:)&@;(+'C4P)^"!L UQDXLZF-+Q94 ^(OCG$1_OYB;_>8H2_>
M7KR_' [>O@XNK]Z_>OGQ;0\=NG6CS3E!A[X7M*,>#.;S%RE[V 3PL^B7X!LH
M$)!@PQ6S&G@FB:"EOHK"Q#JBK(N.UX06]3(6X;K@HNMA=/9-;5OR&@)H]F"9
M^P/+]'A-XYI9($S=OL3IEUJ/4]F-71=J\+IZSTJ-V3B*'3Z(4E7.5J_^7:?P%'"Q-2BS*"@C+U,%"H2:#E&7)H[R0+ 6K
M#=&U+%R*3NL[,.V46])Q]7:4%R/GT46.X25&5>DCS=16KG%>CJ($3>7KF=/3
MJ-=R3-: M ERB-_FPJ@VR2&8-G83LEP
M.%"DWF8)'EXC-D6,6#059KUZ-[Y!CVH:3Z,82?4DX7
M7LK\N_8R)%(=.1@UWYZV!ZXS"ZY2D4164(+>H:I6W9D%;PVTDCJ[ZY0:U'26
MAQ R4@RA[>6G"REWTS-&V./4)?TI2GS)=H!Q21MLHMI86QFC:UB:FL5]00=]
ME9.V 6,R8$E^0XZ>J[I%"Q!G?=.':30>,*K+ R&V\'2*[
M.DZM5I@&9E2@#=J!M*3L@#G4*#P5 KK3'06HYE0)!>9?272EI5_)8J_ND)IJJFF+)/)EV@]P
MU-*45!\8QO_A>'YD0&ZPHXK_6008BU,3709",+?2=]RM.H.:YL1+DZ3A [&2
M9G 8?C_CM7EJ/Y5%;+&&KB4THY8L+0C8RZ;I2Q:-?__$Y^[8_]E)\,H>QDOW
M,+X.6_X@Q8"+2 ZH:
M>)##XX5C1$JYI*N0QV #S+#4EF+X]#3&;F)CA^+S+"0XKT#! ,H1V+ZS(KB%
M]S/^OBW:K=6)G@3O[%)87]F]U*!Q?#V\#'482M1(1S+&RK_[/@WB@R/T^P%(
M>MJWD'S9%I*G?0O)%V;6OF>1P4XMZ*IML=KO58
M$R5RLBM&3=;;T'4/@^[Z5)_BHF2HP\QF&3B=TOYPXS.,LXK\ NK$IV8?T,G3
MZ":CL!L:^M<1PC3X #CD@ABW@YI=L7*=S0Q8&&EY#;7@-!B)*5;?(-.OH6_O
M['XM^H:IFC("UX6R$L:JR0A, &$E6K]VC1[EG;6-:ICCQ,9[ZS#A6U \<0_1
MC8-CRMV)M>]/N.\ ^$Y]'0+M8-(0(#6RI&)&6V"J.
M$T?.T21;"]OA?*.'MY%IP>**XRD%@81Q6Y.YI16I>$=#&_VQWT_;\^]LCH8$
ML$08+^YAVLHFHTFH?2>ZB>*$&MXJ'"N.^3D$R\'N=$L2K,'TG2CORSU+^I#[
M,[Z?[M\_J P Y&^SM*QA/OA6CK%PM$ECSA.[(QTRP:*K7!':@:-)P.JP+#30>.8V0>TN4KZ_QLVPX ZO[3GO?KJ,"52B
MS6%PCP_;B3."\?+9 5>\4+1L/[O(<0/W:YVIK2J02N ^FD#IG7?MPVT
M%0RNHU&A"Y@W&O77;G#4Z&RM>8!F =0A8-^0S\Y'!]J]:=\*"XG7F'*XH]&!*[:C-CEP.-C7Z,!@KO+TN?F(2F:T9?5C-E4Y^,+I08X&A]P:H6%RTLW-@CPX\-$8[B4JW
M%W*A4>SY:@L3-+>P4%
MFX#[:@(!!"C,8\/GDI.+^#B5DK:\C, WE7]VJ*WH5-5DSWCR7PN+?@:/UEE2
M]&MI $9K'+;C.6!@3C"24_W.IV4#
M]-S1#(Z(-LA%!0,M36,KCYAN>W/O(,H /MXK^GGDB@5!0!=@T+O#[;C*#HQS
M"L%L@G'.S*"D,1 =9K,L.[4J+D W1_GDJTUW?QO^BFH7XB0NE[C')\$_9^!>W4C$0G!3.>!"S0*?3"ZM
MQB7M;DI;2L)Z/2:;XP1QQ#[DN$MANA!JV9JZ?\;VG2Z3 _[4RW5C)$AU5XSF0Y.G8VA$O1N8VO>LPD"T"*]FQY75R/*S,KKD@R_:HO]?1
MIRO':SZB(/HTYN&B279['&H?7=RPCA4=X2UE-,P'1ZB^X:"0F>^K\PB\]$:"
M!&YY#:[E@D/ 3B;F_-2/]O*\2UAT,8U5(86GOFBN"F
M:9DLLN$1ZA,-JDD$4M= 75&B A[")3)^_,3+B:Q>!6,0$4UZC&&%C[MS!(HD
M0S)I6S7-&4>X;>XZ$^(BL3HO$UXU1O+4W8,*2-V@C(ST'R 1
M_#$Z';PR'%AFB3E_7P_J6%C(-9*?XPRLR]RT;K90I=77;<30C-.VA(-7;[I]
MH=89/4_J$X#(7@CO,!C) X%-8NB,.J7\I[J4XJKLN WB(1ZO T E>&
M%EHO6,%^)).2KT]77N](>D$G:B.H0J9(:X2RSQ%(=85^=Z[/SH3#7D*:7XR)
M8NH:H!\]-O-*^UP:\BK!P#\]JIQ D"GA-JG4:TB>ZF:0:-I_GD
M"=8$-)(['46@JW3$:P2&[7I@< FO;'1$EH=VNGDTQXYS#:0883P]T:\O-@R*
ML:+TOF&6QPW3C0T! MJ6+ W=FO*;: RO@-IW*B8(3HDF..+QN,K-$'/IR#+E
M"'>_#[73.Z, 5Y1K:%')#Z'>DQO%>0[8_&K,-\# B=^-$I-^2'79&8I1/(I0
M?*ZU&&0-6MQ\CP
M*8TU;R%+;-@G4,8.83518[ A5M1W
MN27^X3Z*@+Y*HM!482NM6ER:-2QO[%K +/IG^''4.$$.B1O8ZE
M@W4MLL[5(]MSYY+VWJ,;!YF;J6?\MD.4[0AA52,,=%-[@8D/HU/117GK2SUT
MW^\*D[+48SH%[;POQR$+J:3\
M;,G>YN!3;Z>FD(('FZK02I8U];'PB/$VKUV2D,+3[W=2:(Q$Q2.C#"
MX9ZC!/A1 %2*.19!%N6Q7UZ(F2+,6I49&.K-P+E@:[2^JHU]HU:Y35E!8 C_
M[G"O1G-LOAG&I^3M.$[$6[#U6;:0WAU'J0,]03(W1(*DS$I>.OPAE(-9*
M N[C_MO&_<<S_2DL,Q%:*_E)^[>1*
MD1UVN16@,3$#1)E)E@?-]!'F3'E^Z.-O6N2-(=:L*O6,>U]&N='PVDOKT#?!
MGB,-\X"N*;?]NE-+L4.P\&[5OEBT()>,3[0-Z@1]!7[>5<5N:;>T&M:&9=7K$0@A"4_5+2&'PPV\L@$ANGHI
MN('FJS<2KI%6[G)=;?VLP222(X15Z60S=502W@PLP:&DM?4>M3"X.+5>WU)6
MP+IQZ4@07V.,NK.L;TMAAIXK90\J...;S&1UXO0&]"PESP4_:*'R,A(L9J>-
MI>BC"#L,+9FCP%%3(-'&U,>1H\D#0LIQQ,FGH?J!*D5@-(+.SK-I7+(]0V4+
M<4&1_H,_GZU.1_L_DF_W,X4BXYR48D?OPZK@!Y?%*HL]1Q4"L3L/6'^$.+,VR[R
ML,GIQ3'V3.=Y=JLV)"E=F&7]+O+!QC,*3&]RJ^' KV,+HNM<<6DK^96%PF;.
M+#_P@WX(TN/E,4U7^=-40\)Q+'ABG>F/A8.]Q;04#5B(L&:XN(T6H?F;C,(H
M41JJ"HXVOHD(31_;$&)8"?5C%V5>S65HC3G1X< .FN$IEFN326B07TW#?,=#
M" M)\A@LTLA(9?N2D);H[W%4S&KU<1GN!;[MMNWH[R[H>H4[%;0\+DTZJL9Q0MN)+-'W"DG-1T='H#C 2W(QPB3X$,SR"M;3:-=-/9'-)?I,+HI
MRH$UQ\ X!CSR)99-)QG&%HM&Z?"3- 3.]*PW,$]S23+@.FOCGAHDM,(A6'#,-,W:#V'!^D,"/Z*UW$1Y
M'%E87+S[+:9W6HD?]I52;6"^,)+9C=*S(@KJGN4:J];T!YL]=Z3^D;C=M]#/
M%CR@0EE?PJ$Z 4&9K->8NCH7Q&V(;$/A??5RC!PU"9^\\571LE64BY9Q&I%&
M>Z&5 *U:>+1?%/ 56)4(XU8PAME[I^FN'4>M3V5OF_V9>*ELKI$@KS7X!?N
M*7%]T&_P\))M7H]]:[Y5QNJ(.#4-V6Y:N<7BR#R2(XZZ(*,H(2\[0F=1A"#O#Y^"W\8&?@%GCPC0_6.27I7G(ML0/U#$8 HP6U>OZB@+@HU_6A
M43T-!X0_*U/^= "+#1!'+['GOT(A!7?JH\!]#4&$QO>0L'KC38YD*K0)+S@3
M')U%(KQ"='V=R^C&F8IS^Y+4.Q2[5:ZX<7@S+#RU@3NG(EL[P2NK2[F>E19Z
MW)M5NS*K7I+Q.\HUA  1^ BDLF1E;*Z%@K0>M+)VQ^LFF(SM::7O.J]$PX$\
M7*(6;=;:O=06?C5'?BD%AGIE-#0;J3(]ZSOD
M7OBVHPMURFQ=(N#!=.T$$'2?_]\_#[T/P8^2'UO2:\%:1C9R,L/&.9DTC!-4
M"V5<5M+BTJX[D%K,++>G?K84C!>#HN9BHMU)@R9]&TRR,?EDD4Q#0L"V: 04
MQ5BJ$::KEVTSN=A[G*@YOD1NI]9S+ANW M]^5>S::>B1,/8)+%&GD04WS_5-
M_>Y^VO@&>N]ZF]I$&%RV]J=1W]I-%G/7!.*I9=6HK &%,\:?MKNDV:5#RZ^U
M.C>_[ T^;,&ZBZ>AX&S ZU1):7P&W89)RC40N+VW##U>[^BAFRF,VK6@Y>[K9
MR%%I VX!-@8&*?-X5%'[50L . (RN >A1RRM'&(*PF;'4TR#QA!3\\*-2::Z
M(N6@&675,.)5V9NS/GOSA;,W9WWVYHM9W@^6I0\H4[/6^.EP/1/=*>F(O0G1
M[>.AAX,?NE7:>9M*JZ^*IW%^]NQH@_.P:GCT%ZW<0^CZV FF-4$8.-,G>#2&EYH.5HYR]J9H>5Y]?2RY[2AHX7AW]!:&SFNP
M&/4)RG OBOBU887M9[KR_M/4?)S6X#E,FD&B<6<6-(OM; 908)7LF-PVN*,C
MW'Z+U^9UF&@H)(L@I'\M@6$5K("PPAV,XH2Z+R8K'.^6_DKFV]: %(:A
M&'!J9@ %&T!>JU(9K2&LE6-]K)GF=C#K^.CG$0L^4+I%#3U@=MF<6O<6F.78
MU_9[?.X"W5J!!E9O52FHLW=#-#"F9F6D?^ /E-\5Y>O-JQ(_7(:5QF#UFP
M0\QGH)N%X;H/B*]8 8&=/7ECP2-(T$QCTV,M# M"IT0B1>(U32TOL5FG* 0.
MS1UD]I[O&STZ^]YVPPP';CM,?[ [.=@;.M>N8?)M0J2W,'>3MO?!4+&='U%<
M[I+ W1[POAGBZTBS1V-MP[<<1&S0MSY0^ VZSW@Q]XU5$X@%7&+"',B\0*.3%?#$78(G[_?8Q_J
M'\GHXVP=P_)MD\!RQ-J5=))7:U!\_[.DI>5,PX:IV+,=H";ZB9B>L 8,(83TG;+W1AGH>?U(+2GBXYG\/3US_9&&%]:#">/\$E"_ 7
M_LA=A\0N7?O^H#?T(9SY:SESS(8EL7O8] G735+[2Q+=-F>;1POX%:/N8([#
ML;\*$]6M"H60?4@((:6#^2J:!R6#3@A&R9GO:SR_WCW?[7'_HH,F&%[UZ(Y5Q]THG)=,ZKT?FZQ@_$QM>L=25RBV Q!J@
MEH@WQ&5VN4GQL&*SH$'@#EQH >:I.L2V=&ZH/JDYX7MR=L'>.KJ)XH1QZ1"T
MDPK][]ZQ]1=R;XT@^\T2;DG"OXK$,ND,([%T3@BKXN$'3@K$HG>YV6AT*%G0
M.9V'K03,I=QEG8 IQBLI0DV398YCF0CZ)2><27F*%G6ZK+V0T%33#0:BYN)3
M7#\6V.M?XGO9^4XD,_WY0!+0,F](**D)X>-IQ1SGXVJ.8&-P%TD+"():27,D
MG3?!BN* AT301H=^OL 24/4K>] +6JUO;:VCA*#5@\=F8_V2K.LZUA,'T+KB]6OZY^:D;
MW ,>\#H*$3UY-@1VB\:EZ%,&][;NB2O\J=M#Y@Z,[2S,N7L"X=Z!.!Z"
MAMK>0N"Z$5W=5*LS("5@*J-LI5MK[2**U2[QUIL3.UCD)IF0QWTFY MG0A[W
MF9"#XIZ'8)&@QQ"W)J_!YD=W'3/72].TKB5SZ**6HRXFA\^@?J,)X6?&KV,L
M#K9XW ;\'+R5'-UW+!(.O=*(G&?'+F4P*L+@=PG[T*D]KV5GV@:NT%M&' KC
M,1H(/8XY'E@-V2G .D7'""P[@[QID?<1W9U8R'NAQW;:JA7@>T;; -,FV%
M3%GY-V865%H(;>4JGH^P!DRO1-O[.J+<8FQC,P7/'Q#K&F@8;:1.HV=]@N10
MWV=L*&+Q;[*CG?O8BGZQV3;2/*;/W$='%O3G$7N6PI7[)S87!,ZGUVA5-3:1#.!?'0/0[;!P?WFB^P-%:<
M?XINST=T9GTL77W&5[A1W8_!NM^5RB,:?HQG4\I*#IL<29=,S6 NSSR1= QL7,D3W.0OM1%KMJS@5"X1,QJ&+2@0OG'9& U%P\AI1!E89A!G@BD@(R=*Q->V[53S,E7L,64:#;>;V 5)JF'^IVP+M'MK6OY5R-CC"
MT WG@1"HJ;1PHU?.O8:##WIA4C*]]U[D!V#V[::3F3ALK+G Y/'1I+=,IUJ[
MVGWG0>CE,9@ *?GI[25,(B;"G4[FB:TK,=QRAT
M)A&X?T>F':=MF[2Z. G>IH1_!'=NN4PCA7I)10=:T\\I.L@ZA5.E-FU
MDD*Z=KC.@R:]!\ =FZ2QGO1IK"^$ETZU3U];;5
M#FRKF&VK]O+5=-)J^EY6G%3Y8X'P#"9@1=8SX1%RL763+FJEEMI,(K#]+@1O
M:B+K,,!;*JOJE=\@KB.:"YZMJ/A&V/%ZR3?:\G.JXNRJZMYA+3,4K5G>VDY\C[!QW+6>0WXK_5 RE;0
M$8]_:#G_(UU('16&V-J/MP8(22*ME>"/0P,<8]\2,Y]81]-"FUK6KT!E7Y]*
M5[Q00PITOU$[$]7:X^YG4L.>@2*WLR_^9/OB+@:.]LX/%R:*Z#?0$1S4A:C9P22[&)9LIQ0H()9_.$+W[AFI%9&'.
M$+J"=\!]O  K% [PKHN=VV>&=I09BE;;#]^TPNI>X3S>MI'_[]P]/]I'_T_(-YY(!KJY@X;)"X8]I[!
MJ,V\&5(%$;6?YG 53M&A1F?=98H_+9"I>U7"@#+@0*_!#.OVI2@O%B&T&U1S\ZIL8FXX(O80C
M0ZT/JQ/^CP_EL.\Z;LL2N:.(WBA(*&;FL9%2B.$@(/@0?4I@.W8?7T<>7M3>M/0&E7
M4T%7ZB/U.T'H:F4'$.C?:B19&R5JY1#T4L
M>0B2>@>][%W-1%:ZHGSF)
M"Z0R,D701S:+@B_^744)V\-4US92Z,=8O>%E;##M@KW7F(-T2_W-E-9]8B0<
M.A5]]^SD*<6'/G>5&%V@]D+*QG?P[-&?QRBL5^1)PO8DB;85QK,H!K,O;2\>
MX!SQWIL5M]ZK^Y$+VVK5L^-FRMV4D6)L25P)FAIYI?&K"::89D*V5:!VU;!J]>1:A;I0D>H,&V[.2G0N @X8#B0K
MZ D^FT1J&Y[39T.VI[[S%NJ[J^"CHW1#P.^IE+4QXP@.'QW,+!?;(XEDB+89
M)HOSD;/"RJF[#!\-"TBN=SNH: ]3>:\)LV=]PNP+)\R>]0FS ^*=AZ$!'A^[
MW?IK&8"B(29JG&"%,2EV!V-5%V_< $U-PL;7MD@X+GBV 5H@::U^D10):IB8
M_"$#&J6K;@FK#>TD.\"Z7E9<1\_%SS@QI.^K$;"& [H=%O!T>(6"[I"F#W3IA!/NV.47 7O8WS;CB@S 1/L!17E'6,6::PV
M_;P&"'QGY' =Z@WW7AP:+\(6*C5,P6UNS4B)=C9\HSG@3ETL-%%$_&Y,,Y9 $7X\-'.4LXT!@Y%5=.UZC
M*#@Q8T)J\URO755[;'S]_T!("CNWL)'A9,^AHN_&0#VC5]S,ORKEZ\% RO*RJ V=QOXLYQZA_@1^90>%"T1C!3Q,$)D$P*ARFE+H7#"I&!^L
M$G?+GRD6FT%DDC%NDQ?L
MO*R,)Z,F6!0DH#-U'/!17K=CRH5=Y;^8@)3CN01H^GPA2(?WQ$B+DJQV>X/[L 3PZC0*6YFM+4I/Q:+S/W*4Z&@PM3DV1))Z^355;8
M;V5W9BHQ^U)$W,GN]<44[JOO[7 0^Y4Z&D%^ =E9(I[R,YMN[/W>OSK
M9-B^ZS-L7SC#]EV?8=LK]7\5$F"+!8$YE2659R*+=9LC0DN>JZ?8P.(X/S9B0V.]R;  9@ %A*1V8W' :>$-,@J
MWLW5AS2=9,'HN.9I%K ;K\>*Q3@-C7*O/X',"EA;52HST-#>G]A]/(/=,I*K
M4!B6E;O9(9JC+/M+$B:FD1\S0UP>X(H(RI*X6A^1T$C$E +7S%F2'50-D-P[
M6(OBX!AA=X+ENQ.;(.O-AL],;)L=7-/I7FD"A#[U-[V,.O7+.*5> ^]5 W\/
MC +[B\*5#Z)7P[MD(5L;T43)%,V2)1-1. &XM7$B( ;2:1&SWN$N0H:VIV(,
M[EB7W40)5X=KJ+?6^WKV@C@)W(([
M"61\![*I5&H@O+)42Q#":4A#.S9S(^0''6*DEP*[D0(;-#A^WZ=?OW#Z]?L^
M_7K8['-HZWL@0L@W17XX 3DS1JM0[274]Z V>5=6B-E10JJ+C+HG)!QK&X!A
MP>6H9($32@JU[(G&G\9)8HT!.Y%ZH[#@C3#.&
MM6TL0!\YVN!>/0N:Z'3$8/1G(HX7&$M;R7=JVK-Y>O?G]S]?KJY<7'J[=OOEY;;D?*_PEU;?W"%>G)7A)E
M![=U]].HA;>?IT Z@NREL3*HIWMN-"IFQYQ$&0-/:Q!!W?%*D[=0S*E/"P+*
MEP$\D>Y*"BU$/JPP1:')2(;TD0FR3+K#P/@N2K&P"4[=!=#V+&[=M?[X
M]/SBY.GYF38=?H_A@4561L,!(MU5I'PL+GM3>(8B=3N?),(<[\7
MHCMWC9]0/]&5D*I,0@U>:@+\>L7K[F5$#E(B+BAG#20.3!>-DKB8T0#7[A/@
M=DLK$9R4LEYBJ>C\!>,[U01MIA>$$F$SJE>0DB!BVRPA3F1>Y0D#(+C16(R  T
MN3
M!,,@P\&$?I^0\0E[H_^BW4#?BVQ5^I1&EIMQ;OR94X3H=H[AJ-DDQFA,:^&T
M1T6Z='*,1%*8+/5R9>]2F+@0%T7N
M'19P0\&DI<8KT9&D[B9EVCSG'DYU1:Z'.;2.R0MU]78;AH3Q>> +]8GO%V>U
MVXPM=ZYX#8NEJ6ET=E-XV(,;X/3?$Z""SED%CWU,S,R,2/@W2I%T8=#IB-4,!)'
MQ,F!>']J[4;R+^.R\NMZS6M[QAS[W^(5SCS_TN#8I^'P>1E'J5%--:VI&F7
MI\CG>B/;76Q)9V;U8[0JX+_?'XWW!B?YH YK%R&[#[]>O'_5XRMMZZH_I4C=
M2Y3MY$DIQB+[ V<3V(\(Q;%/U-U?HHZB?P0(MZ(0#Z:@)V^61>Y4!O^MS=O>>LVN$B#'A
M9*J/V:NI)65YC";]-4ZB0L=\"Y4[+GXWW6GX6)^P-*%P<2;76GO1&CNH H=%
MD/\DSS!HT1RB]4G+E(=ZG])S1=5H
M@OBV?$Y(V=CW7.-=K/&PRXL"LJZG2O#V H&*OX;[Y?*B'$RJN.$STH+$OGY6
M"_[5-J9:9)*JGP2_944)
M7Y=9HB@:?:G@%+.EMA-[Z;&E],"1"U[XM\/BDOE^"1U'0<<12I4DGP>B-Z;P
ME-JO2XV=6*HTRW7RV'ZPW2YBUB2/G2\"LA[CA!V
M 37^.(]''14P-@3[0'SEA^(Q_W[U O?VC=YRW%87/R'%^S9F$?X&V
M[B7=9]I)3C:FVQ["_ @G1'!Z.0@RA%F9T!Q#M%0JD"VZ/WN*_\,3SN5S=\;+
M-$N2[);EV0>T-^""X4 &HA\Y/@ JN'OI[VD=WK7:S5>+%,',W6X)C ?:+0(+N@4_HQ^ W-JGVJ],]@]:;2
M]'7-:


XML
7
tm201601-1_8k_htm.xml
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT







0000027419


2020-01-05
2020-01-06



iso4217:USD


shares




iso4217:USD


shares



0000027419
false
--02-01
8-K
2020-01-06
Target Corporation
MN
1-6049
41-0215170
1000 Nicollet Mall
Minneapolis
MN
55403
612
304-6073
false
false
false
false
Common stock, par value $0.0833 per share
TGT
NYSE
false





JSON
9
MetaLinks.json
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

{
 "instance": {
  "tm201601-1_8k.htm": {
   "axisCustom": 0,
   "axisStandard": 0,
   "contextCount": 1,
   "dts": {
    "definitionLink": {
     "remote": [
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml"
     ]
    },
    "inline": {
     "local": [
      "tm201601-1_8k.htm"
     ]
    },
    "labelLink": {
     "local": [
      "tgt-20200106_lab.xml"
     ],
     "remote": [
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml"
     ]
    },
    "presentationLink": {
     "local": [
      "tgt-20200106_pre.xml"
     ]
    },
    "referenceLink": {
     "remote": [
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml"
     ]
    },
    "schema": {
     "local": [
      "tgt-20200106.xsd"
     ],
     "remote": [
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd",
      "http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd",
      "http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd"
     ]
    }
   },
   "elementCount": 59,
   "entityCount": 1,
   "hidden": {
    "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31": 3,
    "total": 3
   },
   "keyCustom": 0,
   "keyStandard": 97,
   "memberCustom": 0,
   "memberStandard": 0,
   "nsprefix": "tgt",
   "nsuri": "http://corporate.target.com/20200106",
   "report": {
    "R1": {
     "firstAnchor": {
      "ancestors": [
       "span",
       "b",
       "p",
       "body",
       "html"
      ],
      "baseRef": "tm201601-1_8k.htm",
      "contextRef": "From2020-01-05to2020-01-06",
      "decimals": null,
      "first": true,
      "lang": "en-US",
      "name": "dei:DocumentType",
      "reportCount": 1,
      "unique": true,
      "unitRef": null,
      "xsiNil": "false"
     },
     "groupType": "document",
     "isDefault": "true",
     "longName": "00000001 - Document - Cover",
     "role": "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover",
     "shortName": "Cover",
     "subGroupType": "",
     "uniqueAnchor": {
      "ancestors": [
       "span",
       "b",
       "p",
       "body",
       "html"
      ],
      "baseRef": "tm201601-1_8k.htm",
      "contextRef": "From2020-01-05to2020-01-06",
      "decimals": null,
      "first": true,
      "lang": "en-US",
      "name": "dei:DocumentType",
      "reportCount": 1,
      "unique": true,
      "unitRef": null,
      "xsiNil": "false"
     }
    }
   },
   "segmentCount": 0,
   "tag": {
    "dei_AmendmentDescription": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Description of changes contained within amended document.",
        "label": "Amendment Description"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "AmendmentDescription",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "stringItemType"
    },
    "dei_AmendmentFlag": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.",
        "label": "Amendment Flag"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "AmendmentFlag",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_AnnualInformationForm": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r11"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag with value true on a form if it is an annual report containing an annual information form.",
        "label": "Annual Information Form"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "AnnualInformationForm",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_AuditedAnnualFinancialStatements": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r11"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag with value true on a form if it is an annual report containing audited financial statements.",
        "label": "Audited Annual Financial Statements"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "AuditedAnnualFinancialStatements",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_CityAreaCode": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Area code of city",
        "label": "City Area Code"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "CityAreaCode",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_CountryRegion": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Region code of country",
        "label": "Country Region"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "CountryRegion",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_CoverAbstract": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Cover page.",
        "label": "Cover [Abstract]"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "CoverAbstract",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "xbrltype": "stringItemType"
    },
    "dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.",
        "label": "Current Fiscal Year End Date"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "CurrentFiscalYearEndDate",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "gMonthDayItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentAccountingStandard": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r10"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing This can either be 'U.S. GAAP', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', or 'Other'.",
        "label": "Document Accounting Standard"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentAccountingStandard",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "accountingStandardItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentAnnualReport": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r13"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.",
        "label": "Document Annual Report"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentAnnualReport",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.",
        "label": "Document Fiscal Period Focus"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "fiscalPeriodItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.",
        "label": "Document Fiscal Year Focus"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentFiscalYearFocus",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "gYearItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.",
        "label": "Document Period End Date"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "dateItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentPeriodStartDate": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The start date of the period covered in the document, in CCYY-MM-DD format.",
        "label": "Document Period Start Date"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentPeriodStartDate",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "dateItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentQuarterlyReport": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r9"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an quarterly report.",
        "label": "Document Quarterly Report"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentQuarterlyReport",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentRegistrationStatement": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r14"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a registration statement.",
        "label": "Document Registration Statement"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentRegistrationStatement",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentShellCompanyEventDate": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r10"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Date of event requiring a shell company report.",
        "label": "Document Shell Company Event Date"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentShellCompanyEventDate",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "dateItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentShellCompanyReport": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r10"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true for a Shell Company Report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.",
        "label": "Document Shell Company Report"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentShellCompanyReport",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentTransitionReport": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r12"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.",
        "label": "Document Transition Report"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentTransitionReport",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentType": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.",
        "label": "Document Type"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentType",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType"
    },
    "dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r1"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Documents incorporated by reference.",
        "label": "Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name",
        "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number",
        "label": "Entity Address, Address Line Two"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine2",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Address Line 3 such as an Office Park",
        "label": "Entity Address, Address Line Three"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine3",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Name of the City or Town",
        "label": "Entity Address, City or Town"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressCountry": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.",
        "label": "Entity Address, Country"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressCountry",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "countryCodeItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code",
        "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Name of the state or province.",
        "label": "Entity Address, State or Province"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityBankruptcyProceedingsReportingCurrent": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r4"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "For registrants involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years, the value Yes indicates that the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court; the value No indicates the registrant has not.  Registrants not involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years should not report this element.",
        "label": "Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityBankruptcyProceedingsReportingCurrent",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.",
        "label": "Entity Central Index Key"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.",
        "label": "Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "sharesItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.",
        "label": "Entity Current Reporting Status"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityCurrentReportingStatus",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.",
        "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r18"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.",
        "label": "Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityExTransitionPeriod",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityFileNumber": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.",
        "label": "Entity File Number"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityFileNumber",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityFilerCategory": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.",
        "label": "Entity Filer Category"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityFilerCategory",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "filerCategoryItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.",
        "label": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r16"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).",
        "label": "Entity Interactive Data Current"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityInteractiveDataCurrent",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityPrimarySicNumber": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r11"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Primary Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Number for the Entity.",
        "label": "Entity Primary SIC Number"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityPrimarySicNumber",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "sicNumberItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityPublicFloat": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "crdr": "credit",
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.",
        "label": "Entity Public Float"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityPublicFloat",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityRegistrantName": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.",
        "label": "Entity Registrant Name"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityRegistrantName",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityShellCompany": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.",
        "label": "Entity Shell Company"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityShellCompany",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntitySmallBusiness": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).",
        "label": "Entity Small Business"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntitySmallBusiness",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r15"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.",
        "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.",
        "label": "Entity Voluntary Filers"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityVoluntaryFilers",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType"
    },
    "dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.",
        "label": "Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType"
    },
    "dei_Extension": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Extension number for local phone number.",
        "label": "Extension"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "Extension",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Local phone number for entity.",
        "label": "Local Phone Number"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType"
    },
    "dei_NoTradingSymbolFlag": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a security having no trading symbol.",
        "label": "No Trading Symbol Flag"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "NoTradingSymbolFlag",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_OtherReportingStandardItemNumber": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r10"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "\"Item 17\" or \"Item 18\" specified when the basis of accounting is neither US GAAP nor IFRS.",
        "label": "Other Reporting Standard Item Number"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "OtherReportingStandardItemNumber",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "otherReportingStandardItemNumberItemType"
    },
    "dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r5"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.",
        "label": "Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r6"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.",
        "label": "Pre-commencement Tender Offer"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "PreCommencementTenderOffer",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_Security12bTitle": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r0"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security.",
        "label": "Title of 12(b) Security"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "Security12bTitle",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType"
    },
    "dei_Security12gTitle": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r3"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Title of a 12(g) registered security.",
        "label": "Title of 12(g) Security"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "Security12gTitle",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType"
    },
    "dei_SecurityExchangeName": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r2"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.",
        "label": "Security Exchange Name"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "SecurityExchangeName",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType"
    },
    "dei_SecurityReportingObligation": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r7"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "15(d), indicating whether the security has a reporting obligation under that section of the Exchange Act.",
        "label": "Security Reporting Obligation"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "SecurityReportingObligation",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "securityReportingObligationItemType"
    },
    "dei_SolicitingMaterial": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r8"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.",
        "label": "Soliciting Material"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "SolicitingMaterial",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    },
    "dei_TradingSymbol": {
     "auth_ref": [],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.",
        "label": "Trading Symbol"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "TradingSymbol",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType"
    },
    "dei_WrittenCommunications": {
     "auth_ref": [
      "r17"
     ],
     "lang": {
      "en-US": {
       "role": {
        "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.",
        "label": "Written Communications"
       }
      }
     },
     "localname": "WrittenCommunications",
     "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31",
     "presentation": [
      "http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover"
     ],
     "xbrltype": "booleanItemType"
    }
   },
   "unitCount": 3
  }
 },
 "std_ref": {
  "r0": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "b"
  },
  "r1": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "b-23"
  },
  "r10": {
   "Name": "Form 20-F",
   "Number": "249",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "220",
   "Subsection": "f"
  },
  "r11": {
   "Name": "Form 40-F",
   "Number": "249",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "240",
   "Subsection": "f"
  },
  "r12": {
   "Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "13",
   "Subsection": "a-1-"
  },
  "r13": {
   "Name": "Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "15",
   "Subsection": "d-1"
  },
  "r14": {
   "Name": "Forms 20-F, 40-F",
   "Number": "249",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "220 and 240",
   "Subsection": "f"
  },
  "r15": {
   "Name": "Regulation 12B",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "b-2"
  },
  "r16": {
   "Name": "Regulation S-T",
   "Number": "232",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "405"
  },
  "r17": {
   "Name": "Securities Act",
   "Number": "230",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "425"
  },
  "r18": {
   "Name": "Securities Act",
   "Number": "7A",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "B",
   "Subsection": "2"
  },
  "r2": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "d1-1"
  },
  "r3": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "12",
   "Subsection": "g"
  },
  "r4": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "12, 13, 15d"
  },
  "r5": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "13e",
   "Subsection": "4c"
  },
  "r6": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "14d",
   "Subsection": "2b"
  },
  "r7": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "15",
   "Subsection": "d"
  },
  "r8": {
   "Name": "Exchange Act",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "14a",
   "Subsection": "12"
  },
  "r9": {
   "Name": "Form 10-Q",
   "Number": "240",
   "Publisher": "SEC",
   "Section": "13",
   "Subsection": "a-13"
  }
 },
 "version": "2.1"
}



EXCEL
10
Financial_Report.xlsx
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( -MS*E ?(\\#P    !,"   +    7W)E;',O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD ,Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y,A$[%^>X>];+=44/ 87O+>CT?V
M/S2@=AQ2V\54C'X(J32M:OP"2+8ECVG%D4)6:A:/FD=I(*+ML2'8K-RGGD7E2B.5^S3%":4A+,*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C
M-R."?S]PN -02P,$%     @ VW,J4"?HAPZ"    L0   !    !D;V-0&UL38Y-"\(P$$3_2NG=;BGH06) L$?!D_>0;FP@R8;-"OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/,6+V2?$9/
M-(X'P"J8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9"CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+""
MWTG] E!+ P04    " #;L1B'NT    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O
M&ULS9+/2L0P$(=?17)O)VD7#Z&;B^))07!!\1:2V=U@\X=DI-VWMZV[
M740?P&-F?OGF&YC.)&EBQN<M23XDP-?TW3,Q\@:?.A#P@-Y[?@D;35I&$&5FDE,M59(TU&33&?\=:L^/29^P5F#6"/
M'@,5$+4 IN:)Z33V'5P!,XPP^_)=0+L2E^J?V*4#[)P$6W:9_-K>W>\>F&IXPRLN*L%W8B-;+C?B?7;]
MX7<5]M&ZO?O'QA=!U&PO=&AE;64O=&AE;64Q+GAM;.U:6W/:.!1^[Z_0>&?V;0O&-H&VM!-S
M:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[SD5'Y^@X>?/N
M+F+HAHB4\GA@V2_;UKNW+][@5S(D$4$P&:>O\, *I4Q>M5II ,,X?+&A T%116F]?(+3E'S/X
M%/F7/Z3H=,H%N,!M8('_.;Z?D3EJ(X53"
MQ,!J9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(,@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@
MX_%X.+;+THMP' 3@4;N>PIWT;+^D00FTHVG09-CVVJZ1IJJ-4T_3]WW?ZYMH
MG J-6T_3:W?=TXZ)QJW0> V^\4^'PZZ)QJO0=.MI)B?]KFNDZ19H0D;CZWH2
M%;7E0-,@ %AP=M;,T@.67BGZ=90:V1V[W4%[R:0S
M>IU].LYKE']IJP&G[;N;SY/\3UTU"SG"\+ GQ^R-;88C'(CN]WV6'WV3T=N(]>IP+,B
MUY1&)$6?R"VZY!$XM4D-,A,_")V&F&I0' *D"3&6H8;XM,:L$> 3?;>^",C?
MC8CWJV^:/5>A6$G:A/@01AKBG'/FE1M'V5;SCFED)O816:I^JAS0^J!XR"@7QN1X^Y7IX"C>6QKQ0KH)[ ?_1
MVC?"J_B"P#E_+GW/I>^Y]#VATK\>WZV22$KYI9+2,6D$N!LT$DN/R+RO JQ GH9%LE
M"0AMNZ5/U2I77Y:^Y*+@\6^3IKZ%T/BS/^3Q?Y[3-"S-#MW)+
MZK:4OK4F.$KTL@'37[]EUVY".E,%.70[@:0KX#;;J=
MW#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&PH^\\EAW'B/*B
M(>ZAAIC/PT.'>7M?F&>5QE T%&ULK"0L1K=@N-?Q+!3@9& MH >#KU$"\E)5
M8#%;Q@,KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG":9@39ZO*WF6Q
MP54=SU5;\K"^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\,$4X6"Q)(8Y07IDJB\QE3ON>;
MG*YZ(G;ZEW?!8/+]U#VT%SU&\Z.9X!ZSAW.;>KC"1:S_6-8>^3+?
M.7#;.MX#7N83+$.D?L%]BHJ $:MBOKJO3_DEG#NT>_&!()O\UMND]MW@#'S4
MJUJE9"L1/TL'?!^2!F.,6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$,>8!8\PRA9CC?AT6:&C/5
MBZPYC0IO0=5 Y3_;U UH]@TT')$%7C&9MC:CY$X*/-S^[PVPPL2.X>V+OP%0
M2P,$%     @ VW,J4 4:\]&M @  ^0L  !@   !X;"]W;W)KF+$"9Y;^I6K].+,=TRR_3A(AJNGV0G6OOG
M)%7#C1VJ
M\5J)NW[X3MQ6]E*^N#V=1//HJY=)+N./T/0=-1TQ,?O
MC^A?_.;M9O94]4?_@==SEF2[!G/M"+8'T84=(")2E0(OHD$,"(*2TP(04FB#X+!#!B3@M,
M28$IHB\" 8Q@.:TP(Q5FF,\""0(2R?.YYA1Q?H
M:B PDVEL_^>[M).41MAP^9,-=[%]^#BHQ&PO6(S1%?D
M0<38."BX5+WIQ,KIQ$UG^@'-)'#325 ;GHR?N3H&-NY#Q"+6=C89\/UB8YWA
MPOUH^R^UJ I4#N)]B6WGV>"Z;;J@X*1)^)3SM.W=\MQZ*"\E5FBD3F"N$KCD
MSHMK>(S[;XZ.#A*IC&G*2BMX#O?(32?28,"B 0O;YKERTNT)(4=85L7&ES(<
MC-GH0T?>%TQEK2(UL>2%5S3F)D4',VU*;;B36G7@S(B&(0H+E> .KG'?CF/U
M$YV.PJY.8KZ#14(PT=ME!]A%DABTMO_G!6ZD0KA3'D)(_& IAWJO# X$@2!I\G0=T)K3Q7&WW?K=>,$+:RL*_E].+!UMG=Y"&+W;O(,N.V=EP""7AVXP;?_L,3VJ"ZWVQT1Z]^"KV
M1'GN .8[D7&5XL&E7MZOYQTS,B_0I'7)*Z,?75:?0&ULU55;B]4P
M$/XK(3_ G';9!:4MZ,*"H+*PY\'7M)VV@=Q,I\=V?[U)T]O1!_'@@[XT,]],
MOOERF33K<9+PT@$@&974?4X[1/N.L;[J0/'^C;&@?:0Q3G'TKFM9;QWPN@^3
ME&3IZ?3 %!>:%ID>U)/"GE1FT)C3$V5%UAB](WN]*Z3<
M!*8T D5F.2(X_>2=.7D&?PF1Q3Y/UBML'9^2])[N$^;!%RF-J\%M91*Z0D4F
MH0ERG&B[,**Q+ 01C?)&+7AK-)\UK#,6P]-6(.5+.,*OS17WV)"8\[$.QT""
MBM7TJU[,>%S1"?Q'MLA]H+V_B998<3'X8?"KT;/_;3 (SPX:,E\@ X2B[@4%1'Y+OC]@PCKK=I
M;&[5G/Z'FO_V/K>@P7%Y%.VO_K^\RW^BF"W=>&%S.F7\/#*JS[9^]33(R_] W[%[^?6T/!!XG-8\1S,Z6Y_"B]-\K!EG3>*
MG.[V9ZC%H-[.!?>_1/$#4$L#!!0    ( -MS*E P _>^-P$  "("   /
M>&PO=V]R:V)O;VLN>&ULC5'!;L(P#/V5*A^P%K0A#5$NH&U(TX;&Q#UM76J1
MQ)438./KYP1UL-M.CI_MY^>7V8EX7Q'MLR]KG"]5%T(_S7-?=V"UOZ,>G%1:
M8JN#I+S+?F0X]NEVI1BIKD7W8Q-VITZ)#BV=H4N8[.KT0
MXYE1,:+[B<6J\YBR'QC.\?1H]BZ *A0V$LZ
M&8O:3RKC>LG^Z&JPLFAEC1"'X17]2\43$+!&P'Q7,0*>FP?+)K=$U'AZS@
M>S'G10R/'1Y?,5'W])=9SUZ",*V'O\E$_37 ZM=E7U!+ P04    " #;BVD1[1#K=$Y8(?LBAQF6ZD81B\MP)"\G>HA"4
M"G6"PG%A'TO=ZP80G85_64M5Y0S89-9!2DK*"-I2 \#!E]1H!/O&Z&*]][O2
MR"\Z"+'JO/J14%[/!V\]C!L8D$LJL[0%C$D-P&Z\/4OPT TF(4PS"HKL1HXG
MEE:"DNH3+WE$Z%O'@CU)7*BO]["?"=MA/7;AWR"I83KOUO]H=)G+H%W\SL1B'NT    K @  $0              @ &9 0  9&]C4')O
M&PO=&AE;64O=&AE;64Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -MS
M*E %&O/1K0(  /D+   8              "  ?8(  !X;"]W;W)K&PO&PO^-P$  "("   /              "  6@0
M  !X;"]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$"% ,4    " #;&PO7W)E;',O=V]R:V)O;VLN>&UL+G)E;'-0
M2P$"% ,4    " #;


XML
11
R1.htm
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT



/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
							}
v3.19.3.a.u2

Cover
Jan. 06, 2020


Cover [Abstract]
 



Document Type
8-K



Amendment Flag
false



Document Period End Date
Jan.  06,  2020



Current Fiscal Year End Date
--02-01



Entity File Number
1-6049



Entity Registrant Name
Target Corporation



Entity Central Index Key
0000027419



Entity Tax Identification Number
41-0215170



Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
MN



Entity Address, Address Line One
1000 Nicollet Mall



Entity Address, City or Town
Minneapolis



Entity Address, State or Province
MN



Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
55403



City Area Code
612



Local Phone Number
304-6073



Written Communications
false



Soliciting Material
false



Pre-commencement Tender Offer
false



Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer
false



Title of 12(b) Security
Common stock, par value $0.0833 per share



Trading Symbol
TGT



Security Exchange Name
NYSE



Entity Emerging Growth Company
false





X

- DefinitionBoolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_AmendmentFlag


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionArea code of city
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_CityAreaCode


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionCover page.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_CoverAbstract


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:stringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionEnd date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:gMonthDayItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionThe end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:dateItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionThe type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_DocumentType


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:submissionTypeItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionAddress Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionName of the City or Town
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionCode for the postal or zip code
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionName of the state or province.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:stateOrProvinceItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionA unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityCentralIndexKey


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:centralIndexKeyItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionIndicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionCommission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityFileNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:fileNumberItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionTwo-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:edgarStateCountryItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionThe exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityRegistrantName


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionThe Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b-2
+ Details

 Name:
dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:employerIdItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionLocal phone number for entity.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_LocalPhoneNumber


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:normalizedStringItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionBoolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 13e -Subsection 4c
+ Details

 Name:
dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionBoolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 14d -Subsection 2b
+ Details

 Name:
dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionTitle of a 12(b) registered security.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection b
+ Details

 Name:
dei_Security12bTitle


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:securityTitleItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionName of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Number 240 -Section 12 -Subsection d1-1
+ Details

 Name:
dei_SecurityExchangeName


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionBoolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Exchange Act -Section 14a -Number 240 -Subsection 12
+ Details

 Name:
dei_SolicitingMaterial


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionTrading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
+ ReferencesNo definition available.
+ Details

 Name:
dei_TradingSymbol


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
dei:tradingSymbolItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration





X

- DefinitionBoolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.
+ ReferencesReference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Securities Act -Number 230 -Section 425
+ Details

 Name:
dei_WrittenCommunications


 Namespace Prefix:
dei_


 Data Type:
xbrli:booleanItemType


 Balance Type:
na


 Period Type:
duration








XML
12
report.css
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */

/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}

..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}

..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}

..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}

..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}

..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}

..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}

/* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}

/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}

..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}

/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}

..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}

..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}

..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}

..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}

..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}

/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}

/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}

/* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}

..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}

..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}

..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}

/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}

/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}

..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}

..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}

/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}

..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}

..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}

..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}

..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}

..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}

..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}



XML
13
FilingSummary.xml
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT




3.19.3.a.u2

html
1
97
1
false
0
0
false
3


false
false
R1.htm
00000001 - Document - Cover
Sheet
http://corporate.target.com/role/Cover
Cover
Cover
1


false
false
All Reports
Book
All Reports



tm201601-1_8k.htm
tgt-20200106.xsd
tgt-20200106_lab.xml
tgt-20200106_pre.xml
tm201601d1_ex-3b.htm



http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31

true
false





XML
14
Show.js
IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT

// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null,Show.showAR=function(a,r,w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d,p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}



